Word: technical
IPA: t ɛ k n ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-technical.ogg

Word: Ruth
IPA: ɹ uː θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ruth.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Ruth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ruth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Ruth.wav

Word: kong
IPA: k ɔ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kong.wav

Word: simple
IPA: s ɪ m p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-simple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-simple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-simple.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-simple.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-simple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-simple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-simple.wav

Word: timing
IPA: t a ɪ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-timing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-timing.ogg

Word: bird
IPA: b ɜ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bird.ogg

Word: forests
IPA: f ɔ ɹ ɪ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forests.ogg

Word: Craig
IPA: k ɹ ɛ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Craig.wav

Word: calm
IPA: k ɔ l m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-calm.wav

Word: Teach
IPA: t iː t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Teach.ogg

Word: geography
IPA: d͡ʒ i ɑ ɡ ɹ ə f i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-geography.ogg

Word: explained
IPA: ɪ k s p l e ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-explained.ogg

Word: mom
IPA: m ɑ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mom.ogg

Word: ep
IPA: ɛ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ep.oga

Word: supplied
IPA: s ə p l a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supplied.ogg

Word: commentary
IPA: k ɑ m ə n t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-commentary.wav

Word: shades
IPA: ʃ e ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-shades.ogg

Word: Ty
IPA: t a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Thai.ogg

Word: reproduce
IPA: ɹ i p ɹ ə d u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-reproduce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-reproduce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-reproduce.wav

Word: contribute
IPA: k ə n t ɹ ɪ b j u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-contribute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contribute.ogg

Word: look
IPA: l ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-look.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-look1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-look.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-look.ogg

Word: founder
IPA: f a ʊ n d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-founder.ogg

Word: bush
IPA: b ʊ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bush.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_bush.ogg

Word: expected
IPA: ɪ k s p ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expected.ogg

Word: through
IPA: θ ɹ ʌ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-through.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-through.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It_includes_patent_requests_in_machine_learning_through_2016,_the_last_year_for_which_details_are_available.ogg

Word: tracker
IPA: t ɹ æ k ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tracker.wav

Word: real
IPA: ɹ e ɪ ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-real.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-real.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-real_(Spanish).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-real.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-real.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-real.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-real.wav

Word: regression
IPA: ɹ ɪ ɡ ɹ ɛ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Jjamesryan-regression.wav

Word: compliant
IPA: k ə m p l a ɪ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compliant.wav

Word: Joan (IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ n) - No audio found

Word: technology
IPA: t ɛ k n ɑ l ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-technology.wav

Word: meal
IPA: m i l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_meal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-meal.ogg

Word: matching (IPA: m æ t͡ʃ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: adobe
IPA: ə d o ʊ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-adobe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-adobe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-adobe.wav

Word: lovely
IPA: l ʌ v l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lovely.ogg

Word: und
IPA: ʌ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-und.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-und.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-und2.ogg

Word: alliance
IPA: ə l a ɪ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-alliance.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-alliance.ogg

Word: variations (IPA: v ɛ ɹ i e ɪ ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: triumph
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ ə m f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-triumph.ogg

Word: slot
IPA: s l ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-slot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-slot.ogg

Word: interested
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ ɛ s t ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interested-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interested.ogg

Word: facilitate
IPA: f ə s ɪ l ə t e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-facilitate.ogg

Word: regime
IPA: ɹ e ɪ ʒ iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-regime1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-regime2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-regime3.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-regime.ogg

Word: interracial (IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə l) - No audio found

Word: are
IPA: ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-are.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Here_we_are!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-are.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-are.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-are.wav

Word: scratch
IPA: s k ɹ æ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scratch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-scratch.wav

Word: maria
IPA: m ɛ ɚ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-maria.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-maria.wav

Word: connected
IPA: k ə n ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-connected.ogg

Word: planes
IPA: p l e ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-planes.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-planes.ogg

Word: Angle (IPA: æ ŋ ɡ ə l) - No audio found

Word: marathon
IPA: m ɛ ɹ ə θ ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-marathon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-marathon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-marathon.wav

Word: kinase
IPA: k ɪ n e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kinase2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kinase.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-kinase.wav

Word: transportation
IPA: t ɹ æ n s p ɚ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-transportation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-transportation.wav

Word: contacts
IPA: k ɑ n t æ k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-contacts.wav

Word: unusual
IPA: ʌ n j uː ʒ u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unusual.ogg

Word: England
IPA: ɪ ŋ l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-England.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-England.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-England.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-England.ogg

Word: action
IPA: æ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-action.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-action.ogg

Word: evidence
IPA: ɛ v ɪ d ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-evidence.ogg

Word: definitely
IPA: d ɛ f ɪ n ɪ t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-definitely.ogg

Word: apt
IPA: æ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-apt.ogg

Word: capital
IPA: k æ p ɪ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-capital.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-capital.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-capital.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-capital.wav

Word: zone
IPA: z o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-zone.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-zone.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-zone.ogg

Word: immediately
IPA: ɪ m iː d i ə t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-immediately.ogg

Word: dying
IPA: d a ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dying.ogg

Word: da
IPA: d ʌ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-da2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-da2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nv-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ru-да.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-da.wav

Word: ed
IPA: ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ed.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-ed.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ed.ogg

Word: east
IPA: iː s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-east.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-east.ogg

Word: toddler
IPA: t ɑ d l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-toddler.ogg

Word: visa
IPA: v iː z ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-visa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-visa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-visa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-visa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-visa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-visa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-visa.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-visa.ogg

Word: transcription
IPA: t ɹ æ n s k ɹ ɪ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-transcription.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-transcription.wav

Word: Best
IPA: b ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-best.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-best.ogg

Word: GNOME (IPA: n o ʊ m) - No audio found

Word: want
IPA: w ʌ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_want.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-want.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-want.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_want_to_find_a_supermarket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-want.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-want.ogg

Word: Egypt
IPA: i d͡ʒ ɪ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Egypt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Egypt.ogg

Word: educational
IPA: ɛ d͡ʒ ʊ k e ɪ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-educational.ogg

Word: with
IPA: w ɪ ð
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-with.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-with.ogg

Word: Oregon
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɪ ɡ ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Oregon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Oregon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Oregon.wav

Word: species
IPA: s p iː s iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-species.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-species.ogg

Word: easy
IPA: i z i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-easy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-easy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-easy.ogg

Word: to
IPA: t u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-two.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-to2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-to.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-to.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Krokus-to.wav

Word: holly
IPA: h ɑ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-holly.ogg

Word: contract
IPA: k ɑ n t ɹ æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contract-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-contract.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-contract_(noun).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contract-verb2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-contract_(verb).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-contract.ogg

Word: spirit
IPA: s p ɪ ɹ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spirit.ogg

Word: chef
IPA: ʃ ɛ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chef.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-chef.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-chef.ogg

Word: associations
IPA: ə s o ʊ s i e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associations.ogg

Word: thesis
IPA: θ i s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-thesis.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thesis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-theses.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-thesis.ogg

Word: Robert
IPA: ɹ ɑ b ɚ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Robert.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Robert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Robert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Robert.ogg

Word: tickets
IPA: t ɪ k ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tickets.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tickets.ogg

Word: pe
IPA: p e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pe.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-pe.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_p_es_es.flac

Word: preparation
IPA: p ɹ ɛ p ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-preparation.ogg

Word: unnecessary
IPA: ʌ n n ɛ s ə s ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unnecessary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-unnecessary.ogg

Word: microwave
IPA: m a ɪ k ɹ ə ʊ w e ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-microwave.wav

Word: academics (IPA: æ k ə d ɛ m ɪ k s) - No audio found

Word: subtle
IPA: s ʌ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-subtle.ogg

Word: op
IPA: ɒ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-op.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-op.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-op.ogg

Word: jill
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Jill.ogg

Word: troops
IPA: t ɹ uː p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-troops.ogg

Word: provisions
IPA: p ɹ ə v ɪ ʒ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-provisions.ogg

Word: mills
IPA: m ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mills.ogg

Word: blackjack (IPA: b l æ k d͡ʒ æ k) - No audio found

Word: even
IPA: i v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-even.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-even.ogg

Word: Finland
IPA: f ɪ n l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Finland.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Finland.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-Finland.ogg

Word: gage
IPA: ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gage.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-gage.ogg

Word: advantages
IPA: ə d v æ n t ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-advantages.ogg

Word: Qatar
IPA: ɡ ɑ t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Qatar.wav

Word: holocaust
IPA: h ɑ l ə k ɔ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-holocaust.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-holocaust.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-holocaust.ogg

Word: briefs (IPA: b ɹ iː f s) - No audio found

Word: consequence
IPA: k ɑ n s ɪ k w ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-consequence.ogg

Word: whether
IPA: ʍ ɛ ð ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-whether.ogg

Word: angel
IPA: e ɪ n d͡ʒ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-angel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-angel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-angel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-angel.ogg

Word: candles
IPA: k æ n d l̩ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-candles.wav

Word: their
IPA: ð ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-their.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-their.ogg

Word: feedback
IPA: f iː d b æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-feedback.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-feedback.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-feedback.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-feedback.wav

Word: planner
IPA: p l æ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-planner.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-planner.ogg

Word: translated
IPA: t ɹ æ n s l e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-translated.ogg

Word: whether
IPA: w ɛ ð ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-whether.ogg

Word: prevent
IPA: p ɹ ɪ v ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prevent.ogg

Word: approach
IPA: ə p ɹ o ʊ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-approach.ogg

Word: Saturday
IPA: s æ t ə ɹ d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Saturday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Saturday.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Saturday.ogg

Word: algebra
IPA: æ l d͡ʒ ɪ b ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-algebra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-algebra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-algebra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-algebra.ogg

Word: violent
IPA: v a ɪ ə l ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-violent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-violent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-violent.wav

Word: curve
IPA: k ɚ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-curve.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-curve.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-curve.ogg

Word: reservation
IPA: ɹ ɛ z ɚ v e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reservation.wav

Word: into
IPA: ɪ n t u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-into.ogg

Word: reduce
IPA: ɹ ɪ d j u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-reduce.ogg

Word: priest
IPA: p ɹ iː s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-priest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-priest.ogg

Word: Lance (IPA: l ɑː n s) - No audio found

Word: ant
IPA: æ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nb-ant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-ant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-ant_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: discovered
IPA: d ɪ s k ʌ v ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discovered.ogg

Word: bouquet
IPA: b uː k e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bouquet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bouquet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-bouquet.ogg

Word: ill
IPA: ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ill.ogg

Word: died
IPA: d a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-died.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-died.wav

Word: lite
IPA: l a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-lite.ogg

Word: paid
IPA: p e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paid.ogg

Word: absorption
IPA: æ b s ɔ ɹ p ʃ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-absorption.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-absorption.ogg

Word: Portugal
IPA: p ɔ ɹ t u ɡ ɑː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Lb-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodrigo5260-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-Portugal.ogg

Word: Lafayette (IPA: l æ f iː ɛ t) - No audio found

Word: Joel
IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Joel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Joel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Joel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Joel.wav

Word: ivory
IPA: a ɪ v ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ivory.ogg

Word: accompanied
IPA: ə k ʌ m p n iː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accompanied.ogg

Word: lessons
IPA: l ɛ s n̩ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lessons.ogg

Word: glance
IPA: ɡ l æ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-glance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-glance.ogg

Word: Bass
IPA: b æ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bass.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Bass.ogg

Word: broken
IPA: b ɹ o ʊ k ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-broken.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/One_recent_morning_the_team_had_to_replace_a_broken_weather_research_station.ogg

Word: WAN
IPA: w æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-WAN.wav

Word: sticker
IPA: s t ɪ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sticker.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sticker.ogg

Word: regular
IPA: ɹ ɛ ɡ l̩ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-regular.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-regular.wav

Word: pins
IPA: p ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pins.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-pins.wav

Word: user
IPA: j u z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-user.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-user.ogg

Word: margin
IPA: m ɑː ɹ d͡ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-margin.ogg

Word: wherever
IPA: h w ɛ ɹ ɛ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wherever.ogg

Word: distinguished
IPA: d ɪ s t ɪ ŋ ɡ w ɪ ʃ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-distinguished.ogg

Word: kinase
IPA: k a ɪ n e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kinase2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kinase.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-kinase.wav

Word: Moscow
IPA: m ɑ s k o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Moscow.wav

Word: Samoa
IPA: s ə m o ʊ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Samoa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Samoa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Samoa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Samoa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-Samoa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Samoa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Samoa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q5146_(por)-NMaia-Samoa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Samoa.wav

Word: define
IPA: d ɪ f a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-define.ogg

Word: Australian
IPA: ɔ s t ɹ e ɪ l j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Australian.wav

Word: data
IPA: d e ɪ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-data1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-data2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-data.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-data.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-data.flac

Word: subject
IPA: s ʌ b d͡ʒ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-subject-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-subject-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-subject.ogg

Word: borders (IPA: b ɔ ɹ d ə ɹ z) - No audio found

Word: audience
IPA: ɔ d i ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Audience_(standard_British_pronunciation).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-audience.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-audience.ogg

Word: scroll
IPA: s k ɹ o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-scroll.wav

Word: precipitation
IPA: p ɹ ɪ s ɪ p ɪ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-precipitation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/South_Korea’s_Ministry_of_Environment_said_in_a_news_release_that_no_major_precipitation_was_observed_after_the_cloud_seeding_operation.ogg

Word: Don
IPA: d ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Don.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Don.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Don.wav

Word: internal
IPA: ɪ n t ɝ n l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-internal.ogg

Word: waiver (IPA: w e ɪ v ɚ) - No audio found

Word: initiative
IPA: ɪ n ɪ ʃ ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-initiative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-initiative.wav

Word: locks
IPA: l ɑ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-locks.wav

Word: Thursday
IPA: θ ɝ z d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Thursday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Thursday.ogg

Word: travelling
IPA: t ɹ æ v ə l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traveling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-travelling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-travelling.wav

Word: chassis
IPA: t͡ʃ æ s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chassis.ogg

Word: via
IPA: v a ɪ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-via.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-via.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-via.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-una_via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-via.ogg

Word: know
IPA: n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-know.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_know.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Marsha_is_my_roommate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Marsha_knows.ogg

Word: wicked
IPA: w ɪ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wicked.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-wicked_(wick).wav

Word: consequently
IPA: k ɑː n s ɪ k w ɛ n t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consequently.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-consequently.ogg

Word: Egyptian
IPA: ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Egyptian.ogg

Word: reached
IPA: ɹ iː t͡ʃ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reached.ogg

Word: occasionally
IPA: ə k e ɪ ʒ ə n ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-occasionally.ogg

Word: suspended
IPA: s ə s p ɛ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-suspended.ogg

Word: Murray
IPA: m ɝ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-murray.ogg

Word: language
IPA: l æ ŋ ɡ w ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-language.ogg

Word: Carroll (IPA: k æ ɹ ə l) - No audio found

Word: college
IPA: k ɑ l ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-college.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-college.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_college.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-college.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-college.wav

Word: electronics
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t ɹ ɑ n ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-electronics.wav

Word: Israel
IPA: ɪ z ɹ ɛ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Israel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israel2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Israel.wav

Word: Ghana
IPA: ɡ ɑ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Ghana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Ghana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Ghana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Ghana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Ghana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Ghana.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ghana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Ghana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Ghana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Ghana.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Ghana.wav

Word: sentence
IPA: s ɛ n t ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sentence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sentence.ogg

Word: fiscal
IPA: f ɪ s k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-fiscal.wav

Word: implied
IPA: ɪ m p l a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-implied.ogg

Word: pencil
IPA: p ɛ n s ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pencil.ogg

Word: programme
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ ɡ ɹ æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-program.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-programme.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-programme.ogg

Word: application
IPA: æ p l ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-application.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-application.ogg

Word: cat
IPA: k æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_cat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inlandnorth-cat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ms-MY-cat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-cat.ogg

Word: gently
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gently.ogg

Word: carpet
IPA: k ɑ ɹ p ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-carpet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-carpet.ogg

Word: withdrawal
IPA: w ɪ θ d ɹ ɔ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-withdrawal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-withdrawal.wav

Word: appreciate
IPA: ə p ɹ iː ʃ i e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appreciate.ogg

Word: transformation
IPA: t ɹ æ n s f ɚ m e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-transformation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-transformation.ogg

Word: union
IPA: j uː n j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-union.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-union.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-union.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-union.ogg

Word: Ira (IPA: a ɪ ɹ ə) - No audio found

Word: conventions
IPA: k ə n v ɛ n ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-conventions.wav

Word: syndrome
IPA: s ɪ n d ɹ o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-syndrome.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--syndrome.ogg

Word: association
IPA: ə s o ʊ s i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-association.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-association.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--association.ogg

Word: began
IPA: b ɪ ɡ æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-began.ogg

Word: publishing (IPA: p ʌ b l ɪ ʃ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: subscribe
IPA: s ə b s k ɹ a ɪ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-subscribe.ogg

Word: copyright
IPA: k ɑ p i ɹ a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-copyright.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-copyright.wav

Word: password
IPA: p æ s w ɝ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-password.wav

Word: surplus
IPA: s ɝ p l ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-surplus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-surplus.ogg

Word: girl
IPA: ɡ ɝ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-girl.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-girl.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-girl.wav

Word: mental
IPA: m ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mental.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-mental.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-mental.ogg

Word: piano
IPA: p i æ n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-un_piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-piano.ogg

Word: interference
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ f i ɹ ɪ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-interference.wav

Word: end
IPA: ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_end.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-end.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-end.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-end.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nb-end.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-end_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: those
IPA: ð o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-those.ogg

Word: accepts
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accepts.ogg

Word: Jessica
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ s ɪ k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jessica.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Jessica.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Jessica.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Jessica.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Jessica.wav

Word: September
IPA: s ə p t ɛ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-September.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-September.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-September.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-September2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9051_(ltz)-Procrastineur49-September.wav

Word: bathroom
IPA: b æ θ ɹ uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-bathroom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bathroom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_wash_in_the_bathroom.ogg

Word: Palestinian
IPA: p æ l ə s t ɪ n i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Palestinian.wav

Word: this
IPA: ð ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-this.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-this.wav

Word: economy
IPA: iː k ɑ n ə m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-economy.ogg

Word: ah
IPA: ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Flame,_not_lame-ah.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9035_(dan)-Huggywuggyy-ah.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-ah.wav

Word: remedy
IPA: ɹ ɛ m ə d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remedy.ogg

Word: especially
IPA: ə s p ɛ ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-especially.ogg

Word: chan
IPA: t͡ʃ æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-chan.ogg

Word: justice
IPA: d͡ʒ ʌ s t ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-justice.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-justice.ogg

Word: exclude
IPA: ɪ k s k l uː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exclude.ogg

Word: lives
IPA: l a ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lives-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lives-noun.ogg

Word: featured
IPA: f iː t͡ʃ ə ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-featured.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-featured.ogg

Word: expressed
IPA: ɪ k s p ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expressed.ogg

Word: dock
IPA: d ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dock.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-dock.ogg

Word: included
IPA: ɪ n k l uː d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-included.ogg

Word: algorithms (IPA: æ l ɡ ə ɹ ɹ ɪ ð m z) - No audio found

Word: fax
IPA: f æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fax.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-fax.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-fax.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fax.ogg

Word: idol
IPA: a ɪ d ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-idol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-idol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-idol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_idol.ogg

Word: formats
IPA: f ɔ ɹ m æ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-formats.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-formats.wav

Word: policy
IPA: p ɑ l ə s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-policy.ogg

Word: dan
IPA: d ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-dan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-dan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-dan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-dan.ogg

Word: spell
IPA: s p ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spell.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-spell.ogg

Word: ut
IPA: u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--ut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ut.ogg

Word: proprietary
IPA: p ɹ ə p ɹ a ɪ ə t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-proprietary.ogg

Word: jeans
IPA: d͡ʒ iː n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-jeans.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jeans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Kiminou1-jeans.wav

Word: code
IPA: k o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-code.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-code.wav

Word: photographer
IPA: f ə t ɑ ɡ ɹ ə f ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-photographer.wav

Word: demonstrate
IPA: d ɛ m ə n s t ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-demonstrate.ogg

Word: happiness
IPA: h æ p i n ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-happiness.ogg

Word: stations
IPA: s t e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stations.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stations.ogg

Word: inherited
IPA: ɪ n h ɛ ɹ ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-inherited.wav

Word: tennis
IPA: t ɛ n ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tennis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tennis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-tennis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-tennis.ogg

Word: Mom (IPA: m ɑ m) - No audio found

Word: chicks (IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ k s) - No audio found

Word: exit
IPA: ɛ k s ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-exit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-exit.ogg

Word: electoral
IPA: ə l ɛ k t ɚ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-electoral.wav

Word: winds (IPA: w a ɪ n d z) - No audio found

Word: sans
IPA: s ɑ̃
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-sans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sans.ogg

Word: identify
IPA: a ɪ d ɛ n t ɪ f a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-identify.ogg

Word: corn
IPA: k ɔ ɹ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-corn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_corn.ogg

Word: wiki
IPA: w ɪ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wiki.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-wiki.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wiki.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-wiki.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-wiki.flac

Word: here
IPA: h ɪ ɚ̯
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-here.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-hear.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-here.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-here.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Oh,_yes._I_am_here.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Christoffre-here_(substantiv,_pojke).wav

Word: Yale
IPA: j e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Yale.wav

Word: LISA (IPA: l iː z ə) - No audio found

Word: andy
IPA: æ n d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-andy.ogg

Word: tribunal
IPA: t ɹ ə b j u n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tribunal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-tribunal.ogg

Word: projected
IPA: p ɹ ə d͡ʒ ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-projected.wav

Word: intake
IPA: ɪ n t e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-intake.wav

Word: concord
IPA: k ɑ ŋ k ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Concord2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concord.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concord2.wav

Word: Jesus
IPA: d͡ʒ i z ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jesus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Jesus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Jesus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Jesus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Jesus2.ogg

Word: incorrect
IPA: ɪ n k ə ɹ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-incorrect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Ajshul-incorrect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-incorrect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-incorrect.ogg

Word: cash
IPA: k æ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cash.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cash.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-cash.wav

Word: oracle
IPA: ɔ ɹ ə k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-oracle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-oracle.wav

Word: gentleman
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n t ə l m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gentleman.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-gentleman.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-gentleman.wav

Word: observed
IPA: ə b z ɝ v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-observed.ogg

Word: Allied (IPA: æ l a ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: guru
IPA: ɡ ə ɹ u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ms-MY-guru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-guru.flac

Word: whereas
IPA: h w ɛ ɹ æ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-whereas.ogg

Word: longitude
IPA: l ɔ n d͡ʒ ə t u d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-longitude.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-longitude.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-longitude.wav

Word: sometimes
IPA: s ʌ m t a ɪ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sometimes.ogg

Word: period
IPA: p ɪ ɹ i ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-period.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-period.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-period.ogg

Word: al
IPA: ɑː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-al.ogg

Word: control
IPA: k ə n t ɹ o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-control.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-control.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-control.wav

Word: storm
IPA: s t ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-storm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-storm.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-storm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-storm.ogg

Word: ethical
IPA: ɛ θ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ethical.ogg

Word: pens
IPA: p ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-pens.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pens.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pens.wav

Word: cut
IPA: k ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_cut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cut.ogg

Word: duo
IPA: d j u o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-duo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-duo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-duo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Helenou66-duo.wav

Word: importantly (IPA: ɪ m p ɔ ɹ t ə n t l i) - No audio found

Word: preferred
IPA: p ɹ ɪ f ɝ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-preferred.ogg

Word: aircraft
IPA: ɛ ə ɹ k ɹ æ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aircraft.ogg

Word: memo
IPA: m ɛ m o ʊ̯
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-memo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-memo.ogg

Word: ballot
IPA: b æ l ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-ballot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ballot.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-ballot.wav

Word: interface
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ f e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-interface.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-interface.ogg

Word: aircraft
IPA: ɛː ɹ k ɹ æ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aircraft.ogg

Word: Andrew
IPA: æ n d ɹ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Andrew.wav

Word: onion
IPA: ʌ n j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-onion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-onion.ogg

Word: cookie
IPA: k ʊ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cookie.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cookie.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-cookie.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-cookie.wav

Word: bandwidth
IPA: b æ n d w ɪ t θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-bandwidth.oga

Word: Bosnia
IPA: b ɑ z n i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Bosnia.ogg

Word: handed
IPA: h æ n d ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-handed.ogg

Word: streaming (IPA: s t ɹ iː m ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: responsible
IPA: ɹ ɪ s p ɑ n s ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-responsible.ogg

Word: indirect
IPA: ɪ n d ə ɹ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-indirect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-indirect.wav

Word: copies
IPA: k ɑ p i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-copies.ogg

Word: recipe
IPA: ɹ ɛ s ə p i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-recipe.ogg

Word: sellers (IPA: s ɛ l ə z) - No audio found

Word: yahoo
IPA: j ə h uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-yahoo2.wav

Word: Philadelphia
IPA: f ɪ l ə d ɛ l f i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Philadelphia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Philadelphia.ogg

Word: baby
IPA: b e ɪ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-baby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-baby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-a_baby.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-baby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-baby.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_baby.ogg

Word: backup
IPA: b æ k ʌ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-backup.wav

Word: experiments
IPA: ɪ k s p ɛ ɹ ə m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-experiments.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-experiments.wav

Word: tongue
IPA: t ʌ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tongue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-tongue.ogg

Word: portion
IPA: p ɔ ɹ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-portion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-portion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_portion.ogg

Word: Burton (IPA: b ɝ t ə n) - No audio found

Word: literature
IPA: l ɪ t ɚ ə t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-literature.ogg

Word: explicit
IPA: ɪ k s p l ɪ s ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-explicit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-explicit.wav

Word: pen
IPA: p ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-inlandnorth-pen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pen.ogg

Word: demands
IPA: d ɪ m æ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-demands.ogg

Word: total
IPA: t o ʊ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-total.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-total.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-total.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-total2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-total.ogg

Word: examples (IPA: ɪ ɡ z æ m p l̩ z) - No audio found

Word: consumption
IPA: k ə n s ʌ m p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consumption.ogg

Word: divorce
IPA: d ɪ v ɔ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-divorce.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-divorce.ogg

Word: genealogy
IPA: d͡ʒ i n i ɑ l ə d ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-genealogy.wav

Word: tourist
IPA: t ʊ ɹ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tourist.wav

Word: pleasure
IPA: p l ɛ ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pleasure.ogg

Word: Ohio
IPA: o ʊ h a ɪ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Ohio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-Ohio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ohio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Ohio.wav

Word: plants
IPA: p l æ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plants.ogg

Word: alpha
IPA: æ l f ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alpha.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-alpha.ogg

Word: grocery
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ ʃ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-grocery.wav

Word: competition
IPA: k ɑː m p ə t ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-competition.ogg

Word: deserve
IPA: d ə z ɝ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deserve.ogg

Word: Steven
IPA: s t iː v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Steven.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Steven.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Steven.ogg

Word: participate
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t ɪ s ə p ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-participate.ogg

Word: artistic
IPA: ɑ ɹ t ɪ s t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-artistic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-artistic.wav

Word: Americas
IPA: ə m ɛ ɹ ə k ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Americas.wav

Word: zip
IPA: z ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-zip.ogg

Word: babies
IPA: b e ɪ b i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-babies.wav

Word: SKU
IPA: s k uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-SKU.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-skew.ogg

Word: address
IPA: æ d ɹ ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-address.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-address.ogg

Word: gain
IPA: ɡ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-gain.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-gain.ogg

Word: Yorkshire
IPA: j ɔː ɹ k ʃ ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Yorkshire.wav

Word: samba
IPA: s ɑ m b ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-samba.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-samba.wav

Word: inform
IPA: ɪ n f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inform.ogg

Word: race
IPA: ɹ e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-race.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-race.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-race.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-race.wav

Word: oral
IPA: ɔ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-oral.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-oral.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-oral.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-oral.wav

Word: glass
IPA: ɡ l æ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_glass.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-glass.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-glass.ogg

Word: present
IPA: p ɹ ɪ z ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-present-adjective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-present-verb1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-present-verb2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-present.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-present.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_present.ogg

Word: daddy
IPA: d æ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-daddy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-daddy.ogg

Word: automated (IPA: ɔ t ə m e ɪ t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: rubber
IPA: ɹ ʌ b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rubber.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-rubber.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rubber.ogg

Word: iso
IPA: a ɪ s ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-iso.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-iso.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1412_(fin)-Susannaanas-iso.wav

Word: muscles
IPA: m ʌ s ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-muscles.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-muscles.wav

Word: herb
IPA: h
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-va-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-herb.ogg

Word: financial
IPA: f a ɪ n æ n ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-financial.ogg

Word: straight
IPA: s t ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-straight.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-straight.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-straight.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-straight.ogg

Word: pills
IPA: p ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-pills.wav

Word: glad
IPA: ɡ l æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-glad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-glad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-glad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-glad.ogg

Word: rotary
IPA: ɹ o ʊ t ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rotary.wav

Word: add
IPA: æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-add.ogg

Word: surprised
IPA: s ɚ p ɹ a ɪ z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surprised.ogg

Word: psychological
IPA: s a ɪ k ə l ɑː d͡ʒ ɪ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-psychological.wav

Word: constitutional
IPA: k ɑ n s t ɪ t j u ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Constitutional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-constitutional.ogg

Word: cemetery
IPA: s ɛ m ɪ t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cemetery.ogg

Word: consisting (IPA: k ə n s ɪ s t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: quality
IPA: k w ɑ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quality.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/He_called_for_China’s_cooperation_in_efforts_to_improve_air_quality.ogg

Word: pop
IPA: p ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-pop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-pop.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-pop.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pop.wav

Word: Afghanistan
IPA: æ f ɡ æ n ɪ s t ɑː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Afghanistan2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Afghanistan.wav

Word: specially
IPA: s p ɛ ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-specially.ogg

Word: dad
IPA: d æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dad.ogg

Word: hereby
IPA: h ɪ ɹ b a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hereby.ogg

Word: disclosure
IPA: d ɪ s k l o ʊ ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-disclosure.wav

Word: Leeds
IPA: l iː d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Leeds.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Leeds.ogg

Word: eight
IPA: e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eight.ogg

Word: publish
IPA: p ʌ b l ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-publish.ogg

Word: meditation
IPA: m ɛ d ɪ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-meditation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-meditation.wav

Word: abuse
IPA: ə b j u z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-abuse-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-abuse-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-abuse.wav

Word: dragon
IPA: d ɹ æ ɡ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dragon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-dragon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Acadienenexil-dragon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dragon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-Dragon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-dragon.ogg

Word: IBM
IPA: ʌ ɪ b iː ɛ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-IBM.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_study_found_that_U.S._technology_company_IBM_had_by_far_the_largest_number_of_AI-related_patents,_with_8,920.ogg

Word: thong
IPA: θ ɑ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-thong.ogg

Word: decimal
IPA: d ɛ s ɪ m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-decimal.ogg

Word: accused
IPA: ə k j u z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accused.ogg

Word: girlfriend
IPA: ɡ ɝ l f ɹ ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-girlfriend.ogg

Word: content
IPA: k ə n t ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-content_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-content_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-content.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-content.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-content.ogg

Word: communities
IPA: k ə m j uː n ɪ t i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-communities.ogg

Word: Estonia
IPA: ɛ s t o ʊ n i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Estonia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Estonia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Gl-Estonia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Estonia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Estonia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Estonia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Estonia.flac

Word: decided
IPA: d ɪ s a ɪ d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-decided.ogg

Word: entity
IPA: ɛ n t ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-entity.ogg

Word: Arabic
IPA: ɛ ɹ ə b ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Arabic.ogg

Word: legacy
IPA: l ɛ ɡ ə s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-legacy.ogg

Word: sugar
IPA: ʃ ʊ ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sugar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sugar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-sugar.wav

Word: Forbes
IPA: f ɔ ɹ b z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Forbes.wav

Word: Troy
IPA: t ɹ ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Troy.flac

Word: Thailand
IPA: t a ɪ l æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Thailand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Thailand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Thailand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Thailand.wav

Word: William
IPA: w ɪ l j ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-William.wav

Word: border
IPA: b o ɹ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_border.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-border.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-border.ogg

Word: rocks
IPA: ɹ ɒ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rocks.ogg

Word: readers
IPA: ɹ i d ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-readers.ogg

Word: manga
IPA: m ɑ ŋ ɡ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-manga.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-manga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-manga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-manga.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-manga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-manga.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Tl-ph-mga.ogg

Word: comes
IPA: k ə ʊ m iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-comes.wav

Word: Jenny
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Jenny.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jenny.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Jenny.wav

Word: config
IPA: k ə n f ɪ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-config.ogg

Word: vice
IPA: v a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vice.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-vice.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-vice.ogg

Word: physical
IPA: f ɪ z ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-physical.ogg

Word: personally
IPA: p ɝ s ə n ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-personally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-personally.wav

Word: fat
IPA: f æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-fat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(eng)-Exilexi-fat.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-fat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wo-fat.ogg

Word: beings
IPA: b iː ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beings.ogg

Word: mods (IPA: m ɑ d z) - No audio found

Word: damages
IPA: d æ m ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-damages.ogg

Word: kinase
IPA: k ɪ n e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kinase2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kinase.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-kinase.wav

Word: pike
IPA: p a ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pike.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pike.ogg

Word: pioneer
IPA: p a ɪ ə n ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pioneer.ogg

Word: sim
IPA: s ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sim.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pt_sim.ogg

Word: sunny
IPA: s ʌ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sunny.ogg

Word: prayer
IPA: p ɹ ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prayer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prayer_(person).wav

Word: economy
IPA: ɪ k ɑ n ə m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-economy.ogg

Word: Hindu
IPA: h ɪ n d uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Hindu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Hindu.ogg

Word: attended
IPA: ə t ɛ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attended.ogg

Word: senior
IPA: s i n j ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US_senior.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-senior.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-senior.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-senior.wav

Word: Friends
IPA: f ɹ ɛ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-friends.ogg

Word: Yemen
IPA: j ɛ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Yemen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Yemen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Yemen.wav

Word: pavilion
IPA: p ə v ɪ l j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pavilion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pavilion.ogg

Word: Antonio
IPA: æ n t o ʊ n i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Antonio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-Antonio.ogg

Word: republic
IPA: ɹ ɪ p ʌ b l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-republic.ogg

Word: Munich
IPA: m j uː n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Munich.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Munich.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Munich.wav

Word: induced
IPA: ɪ n d uː s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-induced.ogg

Word: hostel
IPA: h ɑ s t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hostel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-hostel.wav

Word: director
IPA: d ɪ ɹ ɛ k t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-director.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Francis_Gurry_is_director_of_WIPO.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-director.wav

Word: right
IPA: ɹ a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-right.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-right.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-right.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Tell_her_you’re_here._—_Right,_thanks,_Pete.ogg

Word: burning
IPA: b ɝ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-burning.ogg

Word: affiliate
IPA: ə f ɪ l i e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-affiliate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-affiliate-verb.ogg

Word: Ecuador
IPA: ɛ k w ə d ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Ecuador.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Ecuador.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ecuador.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Ecuador.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Ecuador.wav

Word: cheese
IPA: t͡ʃ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cheese.ogg

Word: Frederick
IPA: f ɹ ɛ d ə ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Frederick.wav

Word: yo
IPA: j ɒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-yo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-yo.wav

Word: intellectual
IPA: ɪ n t ə l ɛ k t͡ʃ w ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intellectual.ogg

Word: regular
IPA: ɹ ɛ ɡ j ə l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-regular.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-regular.wav

Word: clarity
IPA: k l ɛ ɹ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-clarity.wav

Word: visits
IPA: v ɪ z ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-visits.ogg

Word: Maine
IPA: m ɛː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Maine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Maine.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Maine.ogg

Word: rendered
IPA: ɹ ɛ n d ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rendered.ogg

Word: footwear
IPA: f ʊ t w ɛ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-footwear.wav

Word: chronicle
IPA: k ɹ ɑ n ɪ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chronicle.wav

Word: somehow
IPA: s ʌ m h a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-somehow.ogg

Word: warrior
IPA: w ɔ ɹ i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-warrior.ogg

Word: Issue (IPA: ɪ ʃ j ə) - No audio found

Word: memories
IPA: m ɛ m ə ɹ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-memories.ogg

Word: southwest
IPA: s a ʊ θ w ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-southwest.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-southwest.wav

Word: casting
IPA: k æ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-casting.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-casting.ogg

Word: thou
IPA: ð a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-thou.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-thou_(number).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-though.ogg

Word: shanghai
IPA: ʃ æ ŋ h a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Shanghai.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Shanghai2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shanghai.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-shanghai.ogg

Word: Miles
IPA: m a ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-miles.ogg

Word: assurance
IPA: ə ʃ ɝ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assurance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-assurance.ogg

Word: follows
IPA: f ɑ l o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-follows.ogg

Word: shops
IPA: ʃ ɑ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-shops.ogg

Word: i
IPA: a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Close_front_unrounded_vowel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:I_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fi-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-i.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-i.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-i.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Krokus-i.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pt-br-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sr-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/sl-nt-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Letter_i_es_es.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-i.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-i.wav

Word: failure
IPA: f e ɪ l j ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-failure.ogg

Word: heroes (IPA: h i ɹ o ʊ z) - No audio found

Word: Monday
IPA: m ʌ n d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Monday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Monday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Monday.wav

Word: national
IPA: n æ ʃ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-national.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-national.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-national.oga

Word: scientist
IPA: s a ɪ ə n t ə s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-scientist.wav

Word: opponent
IPA: ə p ə ʊ n ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-opponent.wav

Word: perception
IPA: p ɚ s ɛ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-perception.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-perception.wav

Word: Hyundai (IPA: h j ʌ n d e ɪ) - No audio found

Word: tumor
IPA: t uː m ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-tumor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tumor.ogg

Word: August
IPA: ɔ ɡ ə s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-August.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-august.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-August.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-August.wav

Word: fisher
IPA: f ɪ ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fisher.ogg

Word: homeless
IPA: h o ʊ m l ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-homeless.ogg

Word: Clinton (IPA: k l ɪ n t ə n) - No audio found

Word: alternate
IPA: ɔ l t ɚ n ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-alternate-adj.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alternate-noun-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7979-Soundguys-alternate.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alternate-verb.ogg

Word: Long (IPA: l ʊ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: clock
IPA: k l ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-clock.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clock.ogg

Word: converted
IPA: k ə n v ɝ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-converted.ogg

Word: commonwealth (IPA: k ɑ m ə n w ɛ l θ) - No audio found

Word: exceptions
IPA: ə k s ɛ p ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-exceptions.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-exceptions.wav

Word: heavy
IPA: h ɛ v i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heavy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_heavy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-heavy2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-heavy.ogg

Word: certain
IPA: s ɝ ʔ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-certain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-certain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-certain.ogg

Word: wash
IPA: w ɑ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_wash.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wash.ogg

Word: aqua
IPA: æ k w ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-aqua.wav

Word: menu
IPA: m ɛ n j u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-menu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-menu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-menu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-menù.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-menu.ogg

Word: Lisa
IPA: l a ɪ z ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Lisa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Lisa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Lisa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Lisa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Lisa.wav

Word: together
IPA: t ə ɡ ɛ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-together.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-together.ogg

Word: powerful
IPA: p a ʊ ɚ f ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-powerful.ogg

Word: come
IPA: k ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_come.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-come.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-come.ogg

Word: compiler
IPA: k ə m p a ɪ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compiler.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-compiler.wav

Word: sufficient
IPA: s ə f ɪ ʃ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sufficient.ogg

Word: convert
IPA: k ɑ n v ɚ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-convert-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-convert-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-convert.ogg

Word: gathering
IPA: ɡ æ ð ɚ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gathering.ogg

Word: nor
IPA: n ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-nor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-nor.wav

Word: expressions (IPA: ɪ k s p ɹ ɛ ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: pale
IPA: p e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pale.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-pale.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pale.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-pale.flac

Word: humanities
IPA: h j u m æ n ɪ t i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-humanities.ogg

Word: bureau
IPA: b j ʊ ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bureau.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-bureau.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ashley_Johnson_is_an_energy,_trade_and_economics_expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bureau.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-bureau.ogg

Word: Thai
IPA: t a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Thai.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Thai.ogg

Word: Vienna
IPA: v a ɪ ɛ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Vienna.oga

Word: loss
IPA: l ɔ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-loss.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/In_other_areas,_glacier_loss_creates_serious_risk_of_a_dry_period_across_the_Third_Pole,_Wang_said.ogg

Word: ethics
IPA: ɛ θ ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ethics.wav

Word: laugh
IPA: l æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-laugh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Laughter.ogg

Word: compact
IPA: k ə m p æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compact_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compact_(adjective).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compact_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-compact.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-compact.wav

Word: we
IPA: w i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-we.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Greenman-we.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-we.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-we2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-we.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-we.ogg

Word: secret
IPA: s iː k ɹ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secret.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-secret.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-secret.wav

Word: describe
IPA: d ɪ s k ɹ a ɪ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-describe.ogg

Word: interval
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-interval.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-interval.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-interval.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-interval.wav

Word: chancellor
IPA: t͡ʃ æ n s ə l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chancellor.ogg

Word: MediaWiki (IPA: m iː d i ə w ɪ k i) - No audio found

Word: Bryant (IPA: b ɹ a ɪ ə n t) - No audio found

Word: menu
IPA: m ɛ n j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-menu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-menu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-menu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-menù.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-menu.ogg

Word: Wallace
IPA: w ɔ l ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Wallace.wav

Word: memory
IPA: m ɛ m ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-memory.ogg

Word: Darwin
IPA: d ɑ ɹ w ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Darwin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Darwin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Darwin.wav

Word: movement
IPA: m uː v m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-movement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-movement.wav

Word: leave
IPA: l i v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_leave.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-leave.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-leave.ogg

Word: retail
IPA: ɹ i t e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-retail.ogg

Word: JavaScript (IPA: d ʒ ɑː v ə s k ɹ ɪ p t) - No audio found

Word: magazine
IPA: m æ ɡ ə z iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-magazine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-magazine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-magazine.ogg

Word: sport
IPA: s p ɔ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sport.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sport.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sport.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-sport.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-sport.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-sport.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-sport.ogg

Word: Bristol
IPA: b ɹ ɪ s t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Bristol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-Bristol.wav

Word: reasonable
IPA: ɹ iː z n ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reasonable.ogg

Word: light
IPA: l a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-light.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-light.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/When_the_studio_light_is_on,_I_am_recording_my_evening_show.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-light.wav

Word: spanish
IPA: s p æ n ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Spanish.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-spanish.wav

Word: penguin
IPA: p ɛ ŋ ɡ w ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-penguin.ogg

Word: Gates
IPA: ɡ e ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Gates.ogg

Word: Slovakia
IPA: s l o ʊ v ɑ k i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Slovakia.ogg

Word: finding
IPA: f a ɪ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-finding.ogg

Word: hydrocodone (IPA: h a ɪ d ɹ o ʊ k o ʊ d o ʊ n) - No audio found

Word: Eagle (IPA: i ɡ ə l) - No audio found

Word: Bath
IPA: b ɑː θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bad.ogg

Word: prototype
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ t ə t a ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prototype.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-prototype.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-prototype.ogg

Word: problems
IPA: p ɹ ɑ b l ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-problems.ogg

Word: primary
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ m ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-primary.ogg

Word: smell
IPA: s m ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-smell.ogg

Word: accessibility
IPA: ə k s ɛ s ə b ɪ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-accessibility.wav

Word: wan
IPA: w ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-wan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wan.ogg

Word: snake
IPA: s n e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-snake.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-snake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-snake.ogg

Word: thought
IPA: θ ɔ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-thought.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thought.ogg

Word: genetics
IPA: d͡ʒ ə n ɛ t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-genetics.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-genetics.wav

Word: allocated
IPA: æ l ə k e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-allocated.wav

Word: texture
IPA: t ɛ k s t͡ʃ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-texture.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-texture.wav

Word: dig
IPA: d ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dig.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-dig.ogg

Word: bringing
IPA: b ɹ ɪ ŋ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bringing.ogg

Word: largest
IPA: l ɑ ɹ d͡ʒ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-largest.ogg

Word: Burke (IPA: b ɝ k) - No audio found

Word: fed
IPA: f ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fed.ogg

Word: serious
IPA: s ɪ ɹ i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-serious.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-serious.ogg

Word: suggestions
IPA: s ə ɡ d͡ʒ ɛ s t͡ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-suggestions.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-suggestions.wav

Word: fellow
IPA: f ɛ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fellow.ogg

Word: music
IPA: m j u z ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pyotr_Ilyich_Tchaikovsky_-_romeo_and_juliet-_overture-fantasy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-music.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-music.ogg

Word: market
IPA: m ɑ ɹ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-market.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-market.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-market.wav

Word: remained
IPA: ɹ ɪ m e ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remained.ogg

Word: electricity
IPA: i l ɛ k t ɹ ɪ s ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-electricity.ogg

Word: ralph
IPA: ɹ æ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ralph.ogg

Word: temperature
IPA: t ɛ m p ə ɹ t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-temperature.ogg

Word: tracks (IPA: t ɹ æ k s) - No audio found

Word: mattress
IPA: m æ t ɹ ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-mattress.ogg

Word: worship
IPA: w ɔ ɹ ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-worship.ogg

Word: graphic
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ f ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-graphic.wav

Word: embassy
IPA: ɛ m b ə s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-embassy.ogg

Word: engage
IPA: ɪ n ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-engage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-engage.wav

Word: shuttle
IPA: ʃ ʌ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shuttle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-shuttle.ogg

Word: l
IPA: l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Alveolar_lateral_approximant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:L_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-L.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fi-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9043_(nor)-Jon_Harald_Søby_(WMNO)-l.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pt-br-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_l_es_es.flac

Word: Edinburgh
IPA: ɛ d ə n b ʌ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Edinburgh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Edinburgh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-Edinburgh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Edinburgh.ogg

Word: optimize
IPA: ɑ p t ɪ m a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-optimize.ogg

Word: travelling
IPA: t ɹ æ v l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traveling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-travelling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-travelling.wav

Word: Michelle
IPA: m ɪ ʃ ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Michelle.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Michelle.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Michelle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Michelle.wav

Word: Bikini
IPA: b ɪ k ɪ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Bikini.ogg

Word: crude
IPA: k ɹ uː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-crude.ogg

Word: over
IPA: o ʊ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-over.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-over.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-over.ogg

Word: belly
IPA: b ɛ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-belly.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-belly.wav

Word: home
IPA: h o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-home.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-home.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/gl-home.ogg

Word: disability
IPA: d ɪ s ə b ɪ l ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-disability.wav

Word: mobile
IPA: m o ʊ b i l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-mobile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-mobile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-mobile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-mobile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-mobile.wav

Word: procurement
IPA: p ɹ ə k j ʊ ə ɹ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-procurement.wav

Word: model
IPA: m ɑ d l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-model.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-model.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-model.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-model.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-model.wav

Word: tested
IPA: t ɛ s t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tested.ogg

Word: threads
IPA: θ ɾ̪̊ ɛ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-threads.ogg

Word: polish
IPA: p ɑ l ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-polish.ogg

Word: panels (IPA: p æ n ə l z) - No audio found

Word: York
IPA: j ɔ ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-York.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-York.wav

Word: world
IPA: w ɜ ɹ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-world.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-world.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/She_says_the_Third_Pole_is_one_of_the_world’s_largest_sources_of_fresh_drinking_water.ogg

Word: Song
IPA: s ɑ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Song.ogg

Word: sandwich
IPA: s æ n d w ɪ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sandwich.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sandwich.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sandwich.ogg

Word: refrigerator
IPA: ɹ ə f ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ ə ɹ e ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-refrigerator.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-refrigerator.ogg

Word: private
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ v ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-private.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-private.ogg

Word: Malaysia
IPA: m ə l e ɪ z i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Malaysia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Malaysia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ms-my-Malaysia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Malaysia.wav

Word: heavy
IPA: h iː v i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heavy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_heavy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-heavy2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-heavy.ogg

Word: incentive
IPA: ɪ n s ɛ n t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-incentive.wav

Word: handmade
IPA: h æ n d m e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-handmade.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-handmade2.wav

Word: combines
IPA: k ɑ m b a ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-combines.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-combines.wav

Word: inventory
IPA: ɪ n v ə n t ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-inventory.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-inventory2.wav

Word: calcium
IPA: k æ l s i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calcium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-calcium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-calcium.ogg

Word: locations
IPA: l o ʊ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-locations.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-locations.wav

Word: plugin (IPA: p l ʌ ɡ ɪ n) - No audio found

Word: lafayette (IPA: l æ f e ɪ ɛ t) - No audio found

Word: got
IPA: ɡ ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-got.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-got.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_got.ogg

Word: bizarre
IPA: b ə z ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-bizarre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bizarre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bizarre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-bizarre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bizarre.ogg

Word: eleven
IPA: i l ɛ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-eleven.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-eleven.ogg

Word: borough
IPA: b ɝ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-borough.ogg

Word: Bangkok
IPA: b æ ŋ k ɒ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bangkok.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bangkok.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-Bangkok.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Bangkok.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Bangkok.wav

Word: protocol
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ t ə k o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-protocol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-protocol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-protocol.ogg

Word: Norwegian
IPA: n ɔ ɹ w i d͡ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Norwegian.ogg

Word: Dean (IPA: d iː n) - No audio found

Word: integrity
IPA: ɪ n t ɛ ɡ ɹ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-integrity.ogg

Word: mil
IPA: m ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-mil.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-mil.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-mil.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-mil.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-mil.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-mil.ogg

Word: legal
IPA: l i ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-legal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-legal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-legal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-legal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-legal.wav

Word: restriction
IPA: ɹ ɪ s t ɹ ɪ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-restriction.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-restriction.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-restriction.wav

Word: legislative
IPA: l ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ s l e ɪ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-legislative.ogg

Word: colleagues (IPA: k ɑ l i ɡ z) - No audio found

Word: Juan (IPA: w ɑː n) - No audio found

Word: agent
IPA: e ɪ d͡ʒ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-agent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-agent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-agent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/pl-agent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-agent.ogg

Word: reminder
IPA: ɹ ɪ m a ɪ n d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reminder.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-reminder.wav

Word: bacteria
IPA: b æ k t ɪ ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bacteria.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-bacteria.wav

Word: tire
IPA: t ʌ ɪ̯ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tyre.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-tire.wav

Word: Parker (IPA: p ɑ ɹ k ɚ) - No audio found

Word: yours
IPA: j ɔ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yours.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-yours_(alternate_pronunciation).oga

Word: homes
IPA: h o ʊ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-homes.ogg

Word: however
IPA: h a ʊ ɛ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-however.ogg

Word: effects
IPA: ɪ f ɛ k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-effects.ogg

Word: database
IPA: d e ɪ t ə b e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-database.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-database.ogg

Word: handle
IPA: h æ n d l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_handle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-handle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-handle.ogg

Word: assurance
IPA: ə ʃ ʊ ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assurance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-assurance.ogg

Word: wooden
IPA: w ʊ d ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wooden.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/On_a_recent_windy_day,_hundreds_of_visitors_climbed_wooden_stairs_to_take_pictures_in_front_of_the_glacier.ogg

Word: commerce
IPA: k ɑ m ɚ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-commerce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-commerce.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commerce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-commerce.ogg

Word: marsh
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-marsh.ogg

Word: maple
IPA: m e ɪ p l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-maple.ogg

Word: functional
IPA: f ʌ ŋ k t͡ʃ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-functional.ogg

Word: united
IPA: j ʊ n a ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-united.ogg

Word: Jimmy
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jimmy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Jimmy.wav

Word: theater
IPA: θ ɪ ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-theater.ogg

Word: credits (IPA: k ɹ ɛ d ɪ t s) - No audio found

Word: simulation
IPA: s ɪ m j ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-simulation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-simulation.wav

Word: civilization
IPA: s ɪ v ə l ə z e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-civilization.ogg

Word: initially
IPA: ɪ n ɪ ʃ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-initially.wav

Word: subdivision
IPA: s ʌ b d ɪ v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-subdivision.wav

Word: attack
IPA: ə t æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-attack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-attack.ogg

Word: xi
IPA: z a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-xi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-xi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-xi.wav

Word: winner
IPA: w ɪ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-winner.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Acadienenexil-winner.wav

Word: bean
IPA: b iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bean.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-bean.wav

Word: salary
IPA: s æ l ɚ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-salary.ogg

Word: jobs
IPA: d͡ʒ ɑ b z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-jobs.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-jobs.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jobs.ogg

Word: block
IPA: b l ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-block.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-block.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-block.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-block.ogg

Word: guardian
IPA: ɡ ɑ ɹ d i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guardian.ogg

Word: Louis
IPA: l uː i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Louis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Louis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Louis_Aragon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Louis.ogg

Word: bend
IPA: b ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bend.wav

Word: Gibson
IPA: ɡ ɪ b s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Gibson.wav

Word: existing
IPA: ɪ ɡ z ɪ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-existing.ogg

Word: rear
IPA: ɹ ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rear.ogg

Word: stars
IPA: s t ɑ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-stars.wav

Word: aim
IPA: e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aim.ogg

Word: ensemble
IPA: ɑ n s ɑ m b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ensemble.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ensemble.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ensemble.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-ensemble.wav

Word: employed
IPA: ɛ m p l ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-employed.ogg

Word: slide
IPA: s l a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-slide.ogg

Word: Leslie
IPA: l ɛ s l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Leslie.wav

Word: prisoners
IPA: p ɹ ɪ z n ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prisoners.ogg

Word: burn
IPA: b ɝ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-burn.ogg

Word: cas
IPA: k æ ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cas.ogg

Word: scenarios (IPA: s ɛ n ɑː ɹ i ə ʊ z) - No audio found

Word: Ms
IPA: ɛ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Ms.wav

Word: trees
IPA: t ɹ iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trees.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-trees.ogg

Word: translated
IPA: t ɹ æ n z l e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-translated.ogg

Word: seeds
IPA: s iː d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-seeds.wav

Word: wars
IPA: w ɔ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wars.ogg

Word: dozen
IPA: d ʌ z ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dozen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dozen.ogg

Word: negotiations
IPA: n ɪ ɡ o ʊ ʃ i e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-negotiations.ogg

Word: expect
IPA: ɛ k s p ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/And_temperatures_are_expected_to_keep_rising.ogg

Word: May
IPA: m e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-May.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-May.wav

Word: mart
IPA: m ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-mart.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-mart.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-mart.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-mart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Mart.ogg

Word: Bennett (IPA: b ɛ n ə t) - No audio found

Word: Kyle (IPA: k a ɪ l) - No audio found

Word: fatty
IPA: f æ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-fatty.ogg

Word: hypothesis
IPA: h a ɪ p ɑː θ ə s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hypothesis.ogg

Word: annex
IPA: ə n ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-annex.ogg

Word: digest
IPA: d a ɪ d͡ʒ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest-noun.ogg

Word: fragrance
IPA: f ɹ e ɪ ɡ ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fragrance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-fragrance.wav

Word: productive
IPA: p ɹ ə d ʌ k t ə v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-productive.wav

Word: battery
IPA: b æ t ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-battery.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-battery.ogg

Word: Kingston
IPA: k ɪ ŋ s t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Kingston.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Kingston.ogg

Word: tall
IPA: t ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-tall.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-tall.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_tall.ogg

Word: joy
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-joy.ogg

Word: stop
IPA: s t ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-stop.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_stop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-stop.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-stop.ogg

Word: mirror
IPA: m ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-mirror.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mirror.ogg

Word: read
IPA: ɹ i d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_read.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-read.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-read-past.ogg

Word: T
IPA: t iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:T_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-t.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-T.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-t.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-T.ogg

Word: cage
IPA: k e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cage.ogg

Word: accessed
IPA: ə k s ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-accessed.wav

Word: spending (IPA: s p ɛ n d ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: mother
IPA: m ʌ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-mother.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mother.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-mother.ogg

Word: astronomy
IPA: æ s t ɹ ɑ n ə m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-astronomy.ogg

Word: Mario
IPA: m ɛ ɹ i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Mario.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mario.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-Mario.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Mario.ogg

Word: Dis
IPA: d ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Dis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Dis.ogg

Word: electric
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-electric.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-electric.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-electric.wav

Word: hard
IPA: h ɑ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-hard.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-hard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-hard.wav

Word: insert
IPA: ɪ n s ɝ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-insert_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-insert_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-insert.wav

Word: consecutive
IPA: k ə n s ɛ k j ʊ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-consecutive.wav

Word: beer
IPA: b ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-beer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-beer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-beer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-beer.ogg

Word: during
IPA: d j ʊ ə ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-during.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-during.ogg

Word: arthritis
IPA: ɑː ɹ θ ɹ a ɪ t ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-arthritis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-arthritis.wav

Word: pharmaceutical
IPA: f ɑ ɹ m ə s j u t ɪ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Paul2520-pharmaceutical.wav

Word: surprising
IPA: s ɚ p ɹ a ɪ z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surprising.ogg

Word: diamond
IPA: d a ɪ ə m ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-diamond1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-diamond.ogg

Word: lawn
IPA: l ɔ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lawn.ogg

Word: customs
IPA: k ʌ s t ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-customs.ogg

Word: change
IPA: t͡ʃ e ɪ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-change.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-change.ogg

Word: chuck
IPA: t͡ʃ ʌ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-chuck.ogg

Word: reader
IPA: ɹ i d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reader.ogg

Word: potential
IPA: p ə t ɛ n ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-potential.ogg

Word: August
IPA: ɔ ɡ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-August.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-august.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-August.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-August.wav

Word: Si
IPA: s ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sigh.ogg

Word: alpine
IPA: æ l p a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-alpine.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alpine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-alpine.wav

Word: coordinate
IPA: k ɔ ɹ d ə n ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coordinate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coordinate.ogg

Word: os
IPA: ɑ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-ós.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-os.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Os-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-os.ogg

Word: rivers
IPA: ɹ ɪ v ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rivers.ogg

Word: citizens
IPA: s ɪ t ɪ z ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-citizens.ogg

Word: mesh
IPA: m ɛ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mesh.ogg

Word: yesterday
IPA: j ɛ s t ɚ d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yesterday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-yesterday.ogg

Word: threat
IPA: θ ɹ ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-threat.ogg

Word: Colorado
IPA: k ɑ l ə ɹ æ d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Colorado.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/ColoradanColorado.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Colorado.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Colorado.ogg

Word: scary
IPA: s k ɛ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-scary.ogg

Word: villa
IPA: v ɪ l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-villa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-villa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-villa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9067_(hun)-Beaudine_Wilson-villa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-villa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Florenciac-villa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-villa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-villa.ogg

Word: Cat
IPA: k æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Cat.ogg

Word: nu
IPA: n u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-nu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-nu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-nu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-nu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-nu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-nu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-nu.ogg

Word: bench
IPA: b ɛ n t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bench.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_bench.ogg

Word: successfully
IPA: s ə k s ɛ s f ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-successfully.ogg

Word: bin
IPA: b ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-bin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bin2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q188_(deu)-Sebastian_Wallroth-bin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-bin.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-bin.wav

Word: gift
IPA: ɡ ɪ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gift.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-gift.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gift.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-gift.ogg

Word: gnu
IPA: n j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gnu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-gnu.ogg

Word: concert
IPA: k ɑ n s ɚ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concert_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concert.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-concert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Concert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-concert.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-concert.wav

Word: bullet
IPA: b ʊ l ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bullet.ogg

Word: mostly
IPA: m o ʊ s t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mostly.ogg

Word: strictly
IPA: s t ɹ ɪ k t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-strictly.ogg

Word: me
IPA: m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-me.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-me.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-me.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1412_(fin)-Susannaanas-me.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-me.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-me.wav

Word: cap
IPA: k æ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-cap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-cap.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-cap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-cap.wav

Word: applicant
IPA: æ p l ə k ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-applicant.wav

Word: Vancouver
IPA: v æ ŋ k uː v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-Vancouver.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Vancouver.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-Vancouver.ogg

Word: talented
IPA: t æ l ə n t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-talented.wav

Word: carnival
IPA: k ɑ ɹ n ə v ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-carnival.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-carnival.wav

Word: kinda
IPA: k ɪ n d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kinda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-JutishMale-kinda_(n,_subspecies_of_baboon).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-kinda.flac

Word: screenshot
IPA: s k r iː n ʃ ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-screenshot.wav

Word: Louisiana
IPA: l ə w iː z i æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Louisiana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Louisiana-2.ogg

Word: chronic
IPA: k ɹ ɑ n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chronic.ogg

Word: Orleans (IPA: ɔ ɹ l iː n z) - No audio found

Word: Karen
IPA: k æ ɹ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Karen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Karen.mp3
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Karen2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Karen_(ethnolinguistic_group)_pronunciation.mp3
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Karen.ogg

Word: technician
IPA: t ɛ k n ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-technician.wav

Word: cult
IPA: k ʌ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cult.wav

Word: senate
IPA: s ɛ n ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-senate.ogg

Word: wide
IPA: w a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-wide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-wide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-wide.wav

Word: craps
IPA: k ɹ æ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-craps.ogg

Word: principle
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n s ɪ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-principle.ogg

Word: access
IPA: æ k s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-access.ogg

Word: Christmas
IPA: k ɹ ɪ s m ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Christmas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Christmas.ogg

Word: shown
IPA: ʃ o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shown.ogg

Word: numerous
IPA: n u m ə ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-numerous.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-numerous.ogg

Word: business
IPA: b ɪ z n ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-business.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-business.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-business.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-business.wav

Word: personal
IPA: p ɝ s n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-personal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-personal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-personal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-mx-personal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-personal.wav

Word: Islamic
IPA: ɪ z l æ m ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Islamic.wav

Word: designation
IPA: d ɛ z ɪ ɡ n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-designation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-designation.wav

Word: systematic
IPA: s ɪ s t ə m æ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-systematic.ogg

Word: compute
IPA: k ə m p j uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compute.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-compute.wav

Word: blake
IPA: b l e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-blake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-blake.ogg

Word: upon
IPA: ə p ɔ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-upon.ogg

Word: Charlie
IPA: t ʃ ɑ ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-Charlie.oga

Word: popularity
IPA: p ɑ p j ə l ɛ ɹ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-popularity.ogg

Word: passion
IPA: p æ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-passion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-passion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-passion.ogg

Word: Simpson (IPA: s ɪ m p s ə n) - No audio found

Word: crazy
IPA: k ɹ e ɪ z i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-crazy.ogg

Word: af
IPA: æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-af.ogg

Word: reward
IPA: ɹ ə w ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reward.ogg

Word: nationwide
IPA: n e ɪ ʃ ə n w a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nationwide.wav

Word: current
IPA: k ɝ ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-current.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-current.ogg

Word: Scott
IPA: s k ɒ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Scott.wav

Word: Ian
IPA: a ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Ian.oga

Word: staff
IPA: s t ɑː f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-staff.ogg

Word: translations
IPA: t ɹ æ n z l e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-translations.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-translations.wav

Word: sexually
IPA: s ɛ k s j ʊ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sexually.wav

Word: threatened
IPA: θ ɹ ɛ t n̩ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-threatened.ogg

Word: reef
IPA: ɹ iː f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reef.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-reef.ogg

Word: biological
IPA: b a ɪ ə l ɑ d͡ʒ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-biological.wav

Word: submit
IPA: s ə b m ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-submit.ogg

Word: pair
IPA: p ɛ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pair.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pair.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pair.ogg

Word: hospitality
IPA: h ɑ s p ɪ t æ l ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hospitality.ogg

Word: descending
IPA: d ɪ s ɛ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-descending.wav

Word: cinema
IPA: s ɪ n ə m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cinema.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cinema.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-cinema.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-il_cinema.ogg

Word: wet
IPA: w ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-wet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-wet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-wet.wav

Word: governments (IPA: ɡ ʌ v ɚ n m ə n t s) - No audio found

Word: barrier
IPA: b ɛ ɹ i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-barrier.ogg

Word: incredible
IPA: ɪ ŋ k ɹ ɛ d ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-incredible.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-incredible.wav

Word: af
IPA: e ɪ̯ ɛ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-af.ogg

Word: U
IPA: j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:U_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-U.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-U.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-U.OGG

Word: dive
IPA: d a ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dive.ogg

Word: Barbados
IPA: b ɑ ɹ b e ɪ d ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Barbados.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Barbados.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Barbados.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Barbados.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Barbados.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Barbados.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Barbados.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-Barbados.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Barbados.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Barbados.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Barbados.wav

Word: release
IPA: ɹ iː l iː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-release.ogg

Word: Raleigh
IPA: ɹ ɔː l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Raleigh.ogg

Word: Ellen
IPA: ɛ l ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ellen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Ellen.wav

Word: carb
IPA: k ɑ ɹ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-carb.wav

Word: genre
IPA: d ʒ ɑ n ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-genre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-genre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-genre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-genre-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Exilexi-genre.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-genre.ogg

Word: scientific
IPA: s a ɪ ə n t ɪ f ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-scientific.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scientific.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-scientific.wav

Word: warren
IPA: w ɔ ɹ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-warren.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-warren.ogg

Word: us
IPA: ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-us.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Exilexi-us.wav

Word: strategy
IPA: s t ɹ æ t ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-strategy.wav

Word: anonymous
IPA: ə n ɑ n ə m ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anonymous.ogg

Word: argument
IPA: ɑ ɹ ɡ j ʊ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-argument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-argument.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-argument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-argument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-argument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-argument.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-argument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-argument.ogg

Word: ideas
IPA: a ɪ d i ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ideas.ogg

Word: pa
IPA: p ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-pa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-pa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-pa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-pa.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9063_(slv)-Zupanurska-pa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-pa.flac

Word: tip
IPA: t ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tip.ogg

Word: eye
IPA: a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-eye.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Commander_Keane-eye.ogg

Word: kits
IPA: k ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-kits.ogg

Word: step
IPA: s t ɛ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-step.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Moon_has_also_requested_that_government_officials_take_additional_steps_to_help_fight_pollution,_his_spokesman_said.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-step.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-step.wav

Word: temporarily
IPA: t ɛ m p ə ɹ ɛ ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-temporarily.wav

Word: Chevrolet (IPA: ʃ ə v ɹ o ʊ l e ɪ) - No audio found

Word: compensation
IPA: k ɑ m p ə n s e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-compensation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-compensation.wav

Word: Gross (IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ s) - No audio found

Word: camera
IPA: k æ m ə ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-camera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-camera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-camera.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-una_camera.ogg

Word: expertise
IPA: ɛ k s p ɚ t iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expertise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-expertise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-expertise.wav

Word: talking
IPA: t ɔ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-talking.ogg

Word: Nepal
IPA: n ə p ɔː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Nepal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Nepal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-Nepal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Nepal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Nepal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Nepal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Nepal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Nepal.wav

Word: groups
IPA: ɡ ɹ uː p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-groups.ogg

Word: scholarship
IPA: s k ɑː l ə ɹ ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-scholarship.ogg

Word: indigenous
IPA: ɪ n d ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ n ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-indigenous.ogg

Word: terror
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-terror.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-terror.wav

Word: bobby
IPA: b ɑ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-bobby.ogg

Word: calculated
IPA: k æ l k j ʊ l e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calculated.ogg

Word: questions
IPA: k w ɛ s t͡ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-questions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/fr-fr-question.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-questions.wav

Word: creatures
IPA: k ɹ i t͡ʃ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-creatures.ogg

Word: brazil
IPA: b ɹ ə z ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Brazil.ogg

Word: realty
IPA: ɹ i ə l t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-realty.wav

Word: modem
IPA: m o ʊ d ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-modem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-modem.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-modem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-modem.ogg

Word: chess
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-chess.ogg

Word: butts (IPA: b ʌ t s) - No audio found

Word: opposite
IPA: ɑ p ə s ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-opposite.ogg

Word: standards
IPA: s t æ n d ɚ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-standards.ogg

Word: annual
IPA: æ n j u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-annual.ogg

Word: trial
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-trial.ogg

Word: tourist
IPA: t ɝ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tourist.wav

Word: Howard
IPA: h a ʊ ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Howard.wav

Word: china
IPA: t͡ʃ a ɪ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gb-china.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-china.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_china.ogg

Word: practitioner
IPA: p ɹ æ k t ɪ ʃ ə n ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-practitioner.wav

Word: pretty
IPA: p ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pretty.ogg

Word: drinking
IPA: d ɹ ɪ ŋ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drinking.ogg

Word: smoking
IPA: s m o ʊ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-smoking.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-smoking.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-smoking.wav

Word: appraisal
IPA: ə p ɹ e ɪ z ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-appraisal.ogg

Word: bank
IPA: b æ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-bank.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-bank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-bank.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-bank.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-bank.ogg

Word: individual
IPA: ɪ n d ɪ v ɪ d͡ʒ u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-individual.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-individual.wav

Word: relax
IPA: ɹ ɪ l æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-relax.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_relax_in_the_living_room.ogg

Word: ozone
IPA: o ʊ z o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ozone.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ozone.ogg

Word: forest
IPA: f ɔ ɹ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-forest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Exilexi-forest.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-forest.ogg

Word: aurora
IPA: ə ɹ ɔ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-aurora.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-aurora.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-aurora.wav

Word: Devon
IPA: d iː v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Devon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Devon.ogg

Word: console
IPA: k ə n s o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-console-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-console-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-console.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-console.wav

Word: build
IPA: b ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_build.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-build.ogg

Word: chi
IPA: k a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi3.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-chi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-chi.wav

Word: economics
IPA: i k ə n ɑ m ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-economics.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-economics.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-economics.ogg

Word: hoping
IPA: h o ʊ p ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hoping.ogg

Word: fuzzy
IPA: f ʌ z i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fuzzy.ogg

Word: meter
IPA: m i t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-meter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-meter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-meter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-meter.ogg

Word: E
IPA: ɛ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:E_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-e.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-e.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-E.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-E.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-E-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-E.OGG
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-e.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-e-broad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sl-nt-e.ogg

Word: carl
IPA: k ɑ ɹ l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-carl.wav

Word: Hawaii
IPA: h ə w a ɪ j i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Hawaii.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Hawaii.ogg

Word: unexpected
IPA: ʌ n ɪ k s p ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unexpected.ogg

Word: salmon
IPA: s æ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-salmon.ogg

Word: organisation
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɡ ə n ɪ z e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-organisation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-l'organisation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-organisation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-organisation.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-organisation.ogg

Word: paradise
IPA: p ɛ ɹ ə d a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-paradise.ogg

Word: racing
IPA: ɹ e ɪ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-racing.oga

Word: probability
IPA: p ɹ ɑ b ə b ɪ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-probability.ogg

Word: proposed
IPA: p ɹ ə p o ʊ z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-proposed.ogg

Word: Uri
IPA: j uː ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-UriSW.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Uri.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Uri.ogg

Word: Chan
IPA: t ʃ æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Chan.ogg

Word: Sega (IPA: s e ɪ ɡ ə) - No audio found

Word: grain
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-grain.ogg

Word: Bangladesh
IPA: b ɑː ŋ ɡ l ə d ɛ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Bangladesh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bangladesh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Bangladesh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Bangladesh.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Bangladesh.wav

Word: protocols
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ t ə k ɑ l s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-protocols.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-protocols.ogg

Word: Sandra
IPA: s æ n d ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Sandra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Sandra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Exilexi-Sandra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Sandra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Sandra.wav

Word: beam
IPA: b iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-beam.ogg

Word: annotation
IPA: æ n ə t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-annotation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-annotation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-annotation.wav

Word: products
IPA: p ɹ ɑ d ə k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-products.ogg

Word: inquire
IPA: ɪ n k w a ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inquire.ogg

Word: somerset
IPA: s ʌ m ɚ s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Somerset.ogg

Word: son
IPA: s ɒ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-son.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-son.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-son.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-son.wav

Word: til
IPA: t ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-til.ogg

Word: comics
IPA: k ɑ m ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-comics.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-comics.wav

Word: resolve
IPA: ɹ ɪ z ɑ l v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-resolve.ogg

Word: cemetery
IPA: s ɛ m ə t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cemetery.ogg

Word: span
IPA: s p æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-span.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-span.ogg

Word: putting
IPA: p ʊ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-putting.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-putting_(golf).wav

Word: generator
IPA: d ʒ ɛ n ə ɹ e ɪ t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-generator.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-generator.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-generator.wav

Word: tribute
IPA: t ɹ ɪ b j uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tribute.ogg

Word: anywhere
IPA: ɛ n i h w ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anywhere.ogg

Word: fill
IPA: f ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-fill.wav

Word: bow
IPA: b o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-bow-1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-bow-1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-bow-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-bow-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bow-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-bow_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: your
IPA: j ʊ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-your.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your_unstressed.ogg

Word: hidden
IPA: h ɪ d ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hidden.ogg

Word: traveling
IPA: t ɹ æ v ə l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traveling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-travelling.ogg

Word: chapters
IPA: t͡ʃ æ p t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chapters.ogg

Word: pro
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pro.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-pro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-pro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-pro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-pro.wav

Word: chamber
IPA: t͡ʃ e ɪ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chamber.ogg

Word: canyon
IPA: k æ n j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-canyon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-canyon.ogg

Word: marked
IPA: m ɑ ɹ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-marked.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-marked-adj.ogg

Word: goal
IPA: ɡ o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-goal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-goal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-goal.ogg

Word: bytes (IPA: b a ɪ t s) - No audio found

Word: example
IPA: ə ɡ z æ m p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-example.ogg

Word: properties
IPA: p ɹ ɑ p ɚ t i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-properties.ogg

Word: reflection
IPA: ɹ ɪ f l ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reflection.ogg

Word: mud
IPA: m ʌ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-mud.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mud.ogg

Word: fight
IPA: f a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-fight.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fight.ogg

Word: frontier
IPA: f ɹ ɑ n t ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-frontier.ogg

Word: workflow (IPA: w ɝ k f l o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: quoted
IPA: k w o ʊ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quoted.ogg

Word: dispute
IPA: d ɪ s p j uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-dispute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dispute.ogg

Word: graph
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-graph.ogg

Word: exciting
IPA: ɪ k s ʌ ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exciting.ogg

Word: absolute
IPA: æ b s ə l u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Absolute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-absolute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-absolute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-absolute.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-absolute.ogg

Word: lines
IPA: l a ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lines.ogg

Word: latex
IPA: l e ɪ t ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-latex.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-latex.wav

Word: interesting
IPA: ɪ n t ɹ ɛ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interesting-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interesting.ogg

Word: occupation
IPA: ɑ k j ə p e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-occupation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-occupation.ogg

Word: monte
IPA: m ɒ n t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-monte.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-monte.wav

Word: buffalo
IPA: b ʌ f ə l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Buffalo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-buffalo.ogg

Word: honey
IPA: h ʌ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-honey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-honey.wav

Word: eagle
IPA: ɪ ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eagle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-eagle.wav

Word: layout
IPA: l e ɪ a ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-layout.wav

Word: joining
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-joining.ogg

Word: CIA
IPA: s iː a ɪ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-CIA.wav

Word: write
IPA: ɹ a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-write.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_write.ogg

Word: assured
IPA: ə ʃ ʊ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assured.ogg

Word: portfolio
IPA: p ɔ ɹ t f o ʊ l i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-portfolio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-portfolio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-portfolio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-portfolio.wav

Word: attract
IPA: ə t ɹ æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-attract.wav

Word: be
IPA: b ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q35735-Davidgrosclaude-be.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-be.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Letter_b_es_es.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-be.ogg

Word: documents (IPA: d ɑ k j ə m ɛ n t s) - No audio found

Word: vary
IPA: v æ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-vary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-1-vary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vary.ogg

Word: say
IPA: s e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-say.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_want_to_say_I’m_sorry_for_yesterday._-_It’s_okay,_Anna.ogg

Word: improvement
IPA: ɪ m p ɹ uː v m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-improvement.ogg

Word: medieval
IPA: m ɛ d i i v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-medieval.wav

Word: los
IPA: l ɑ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-los.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-los.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-los.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-los.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-los.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-los.wav

Word: Acre
IPA: e ɪ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Acre1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q5146_(por)-MedK1-Acre.wav

Word: leading
IPA: l i d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-leading.ogg

Word: town
IPA: t a ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-town.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-town.ogg

Word: beautifully
IPA: b j uː t ɪ f ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beautifully.ogg

Word: portions
IPA: p ɔ ɹ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-portions.ogg

Word: launched
IPA: l ɔː n t͡ʃ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-launched.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-launched.wav

Word: scenic
IPA: s iː n ə k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-scenic.wav

Word: until
IPA: ʌ n t ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-until.ogg

Word: retreat
IPA: ɹ ɪ t ɹ iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-retreat.ogg

Word: hundred
IPA: h ʌ n d ɹ ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hundred.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-hundred.ogg

Word: photograph
IPA: f o ʊ t ə ɡ ɹ æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-photograph.ogg

Word: services
IPA: s ɝ v ɪ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-services.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-services.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-services.wav

Word: song
IPA: s ɑ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Česká_státní_hymna_v_G.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-song.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-song.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-song.wav

Word: chances
IPA: t͡ʃ æ n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chances.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-chances.wav

Word: aboriginal
IPA: æ b ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ n̩ l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-aboriginal.ogg

Word: restoration
IPA: ɹ ɛ s t ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-restoration.ogg

Word: Isaac
IPA: a ɪ z ə k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Isaac.wav

Word: wildlife
IPA: w a ɪ l d l a ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-wildlife.ogg

Word: beat
IPA: b iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-beat.ogg

Word: preference
IPA: p ɹ ɛ f ə ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-preference.ogg

Word: euro
IPA: j ɝ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-euro.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Gl-Euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-euro.ogg

Word: button
IPA: b ʌ t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-button.ogg

Word: Israel
IPA: ɪ z ɹ e ɪ ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Israel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israel2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Israel.wav

Word: jar
IPA: d͡ʒ ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-jar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-jar.wav

Word: tablet
IPA: t æ b l ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tablet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-tablet.wav

Word: pressing
IPA: p ɹ ɛ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pressing.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-pressing.wav

Word: Ryan
IPA: ɹ a ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ryan.wav

Word: Grad
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-Grad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Grad.ogg

Word: relevance
IPA: ɹ ɛ l ɪ v ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-relevance.wav

Word: railroad
IPA: ɹ e ɪ ɹ o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-railroad.ogg

Word: stylus
IPA: s t a ɪ l ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-stylus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stylus.ogg

Word: calendar
IPA: k æ l ə n d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calendar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-calendar.wav

Word: grace
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-grace.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grace.ogg

Word: dead
IPA: d ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dead.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-dead.ogg

Word: correction
IPA: k ə ɹ ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-correction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-correction.ogg

Word: discover
IPA: d ɪ s k ʌ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discover.ogg

Word: infringement
IPA: ɪ n f ɹ ɪ n d͡ʒ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-infringement.ogg

Word: qualified
IPA: k w ɑ l ɪ f a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-qualified.ogg

Word: fellowship
IPA: f ɛ l o ʊ ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-fellowship.wav

Word: mask
IPA: m æ s k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mask.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-mask.ogg

Word: royal
IPA: ɹ ɔ ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-royal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-royal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-royal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-royal.ogg

Word: accept
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-accept.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accept.ogg

Word: vary
IPA: v ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-vary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-1-vary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vary.ogg

Word: candidate
IPA: k æ n ɪ d e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-candidate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-candidate.wav

Word: link
IPA: l ɪ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-link.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-link.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-link.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-link.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-link.ogg

Word: occasions
IPA: ə k e ɪ ʒ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-occasions.ogg

Word: matter
IPA: m æ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-matter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-matter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-matter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-matter.ogg

Word: feed
IPA: f iː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-feed.ogg

Word: California
IPA: k æ l ɪ f o ɹ n i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-California.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-California.wav

Word: pools
IPA: p uː l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pools.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pools.ogg

Word: den
IPA: d ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-den.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-den.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-den.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-den.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-den.ogg

Word: lips
IPA: l ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lips.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-lips.ogg

Word: wow
IPA: w a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-wow.wav

Word: reflections (IPA: ɹ ɪ f l ɛ k ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: amend
IPA: ə m ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-amend.wav

Word: judicial
IPA: d͡ʒ u d ɪ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-judicial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-judicial.wav

Word: able
IPA: e ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-able.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-able.wav

Word: satisfactory
IPA: s æ t ɪ s f æ k t ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-satisfactory.ogg

Word: split
IPA: s p l ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-split.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-split.wav

Word: floppy
IPA: f l ɒ p i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-floppy.ogg

Word: Hampshire
IPA: h æ m p ʃ ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Hampshire.ogg

Word: enlargement
IPA: ɪ n l ɑ ɹ d͡ʒ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-enlargement.wav

Word: til
IPA: t iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-til.ogg

Word: fiction
IPA: f ɪ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fiction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-fiction.ogg

Word: Jerry
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jerry.wav

Word: hybrid
IPA: h a ɪ b ɹ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hybrid.ogg

Word: greek (IPA: ɡ ɹ iː k) - No audio found

Word: recent
IPA: ɹ iː s ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-recent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-recent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-recent.wav

Word: Tampa (IPA: t æ m p ə) - No audio found

Word: creature
IPA: k ɹ iː t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-creature.ogg

Word: wood
IPA: w ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-wood.ogg

Word: slow
IPA: s l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-slow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-slow.ogg

Word: finite
IPA: f a ɪ n a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-finite.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-finite.ogg

Word: witness
IPA: w ɪ t n ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-witness.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-witness.ogg

Word: diversity
IPA: d ɪ v ɜː ɹ s ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-diversity.ogg

Word: definition
IPA: d ɛ f ɪ n ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-definition.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_definition.ogg

Word: pleasant
IPA: p l ɛ z ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pleasant.ogg

Word: document
IPA: d ɑ k j ʊ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-document.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-document_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-document.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-document.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-document.wav

Word: cyber
IPA: s a ɪ b ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cyber.ogg

Word: eating
IPA: i t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eating.ogg

Word: scan
IPA: s k æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scan.ogg

Word: consists
IPA: k ə n s ɪ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consists.ogg

Word: roughly
IPA: ɹ ʌ f l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roughly.ogg

Word: western
IPA: w ɛ s t ɚ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-western.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-western.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-western.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-western.wav

Word: educated (IPA: ɛ d͡ʒ ə k e ɪ d ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: hierarchy
IPA: h a ɪ ɹ ɑː ɹ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hierarchy.ogg

Word: ease
IPA: i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ease.ogg

Word: Mars
IPA: m a ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Mars2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-Mars.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Mars.wav

Word: context
IPA: k ɑ n t ɛ k s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-context.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-context.ogg

Word: steven
IPA: s t e ɪ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-steven.ogg

Word: recreation
IPA: ɹ iː k ɹ i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recreation_(fun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recreation_(recreate).wav

Word: sacred
IPA: s e ɪ k ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sacred.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sacred.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sacred.wav

Word: start
IPA: s t ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-start.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_start.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-start.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-start.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-start.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-start.ogg

Word: directors
IPA: d ɪ ɹ ɛ k t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-directors.wav

Word: channel
IPA: t͡ʃ æ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-channel.ogg

Word: towards
IPA: t ɔ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-towards.ogg

Word: assumed
IPA: ə s j uː m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assumed.ogg

Word: advertiser
IPA: æ d v ɚ t a ɪ z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-advertiser.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-advertiser.wav

Word: underground
IPA: ʌ n d ɚ ɡ ɹ a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-underground.wav

Word: Guy
IPA: ɡ a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-Guy.wav

Word: refuse
IPA: ɹ ɪ f j uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-refuse_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_refuse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-refuse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-refuse.wav

Word: celebrity
IPA: s ə l ɛ b ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-celebrity.wav

Word: intellectual
IPA: ɪ n t ə l ɛ k t͡ʃ ʊ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intellectual.ogg

Word: audio
IPA: ɔ d i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-audio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-audio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-audio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Audio_latin_pronunciation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-audio.ogg

Word: ciao
IPA: t͡ʃ a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ciao.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-ciao.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ciao.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-ciao.ogg

Word: thick
IPA: θ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-thick.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thick.ogg

Word: bath
IPA: b ɐː θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bath.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-bath.wav

Word: thumb
IPA: θ ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thumb.ogg

Word: Myanmar
IPA: m j ɑ n m ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Myanmar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-Myanmar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Myanmar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Myanmar.wav

Word: stationery
IPA: s t e ɪ ʃ ə n ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-stationary.wav

Word: Mia
IPA: m iː ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Mia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Mia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Mia.wav

Word: weapon
IPA: w ɛ p ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-weapon.ogg

Word: forward
IPA: f ɔ ɹ w ə ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-forward.ogg

Word: always
IPA: ɔ l w e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-always.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-always.ogg

Word: wheel
IPA: w i l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-wheel.ogg

Word: surprise
IPA: s ə p ɹ a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surprise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Surprise!_-_A_party!_Awesome!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-surprise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-surprise.ogg

Word: you
IPA: j ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-you.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-you.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-you.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-you_unstressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Are_you_excited_―_Yes,_I_am_excited!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q13330_(mwl)-MdMV_or_Emdy_idk-You.wav

Word: breast
IPA: b ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-breast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-breast.wav

Word: bag
IPA: b ɛ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_bag.ogg

Word: challenge
IPA: t͡ʃ æ l ə n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-challenge.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-challenge.wav

Word: recipient
IPA: ɹ ɪ s ɪ p i ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recipient.wav

Word: indeed
IPA: ɪ n d i d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-indeed.ogg

Word: academy
IPA: ə k æ d ə m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-academy.ogg

Word: guess
IPA: ɡ ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guess.ogg

Word: relate
IPA: ɹ ɪ l e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-relate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-relate.wav

Word: orientation
IPA: ɔ ɹ i ɛ n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-orientation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-orientation.wav

Word: welfare
IPA: w ɛ l f ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-welfare.wav

Word: awareness
IPA: ə w ɛ ɚ n ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-awareness.ogg

Word: Doug
IPA: d ʌ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Doug.wav

Word: recognized
IPA: ɹ ɛ k ə ɡ n a ɪ z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-recognized.ogg

Word: precisely
IPA: p ɹ ɪ s a ɪ s l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-precisely.ogg

Word: gratis
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ t ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9035_(dan)-Huggywuggyy-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gratis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-gratis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/ID-gratis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-gratis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-gratis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-gratis.ogg

Word: poem
IPA: p o ʊ ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-poem.wav

Word: clothes
IPA: k l o ʊ ð z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-clothes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clothes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clothes-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Clothes.ogg

Word: cite
IPA: s a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-cite.wav

Word: puzzle
IPA: p ʌ z ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-puzzle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-puzzle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-puzzle.wav

Word: script
IPA: s k ɹ ɪ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-script.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-script.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-script.wav

Word: manner
IPA: m æ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-manner.ogg

Word: academic
IPA: æ k ə d ɛ m ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-academic.ogg

Word: Nancy (IPA: n æ n s i) - No audio found

Word: asthma
IPA: æ z m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-asthma.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-asthma.wav

Word: advise
IPA: ə d v a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-advise.ogg

Word: aging
IPA: e ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-aging.wav

Word: oxide
IPA: ɑ k s a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-oxide.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-oxide.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-oxide.ogg

Word: Chris
IPA: k ɹ ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Chris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Chris.ogg

Word: survive
IPA: s ɚ v a ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-survive.ogg

Word: opposed
IPA: ə p o ʊ z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-opposed.ogg

Word: of
IPA: ʌ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-of.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-piece_of_cake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-of.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-of.ogg

Word: sip
IPA: s ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sip.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sip.ogg

Word: schedule
IPA: s k ɛ d͡ʒ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-schedule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-schedule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-schedule.ogg

Word: ballet
IPA: b æ l e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ballet.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ballet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ballet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ballet.ogg

Word: fur
IPA: f ɜ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fur.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-fur.wav

Word: grande
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-grande.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-grande.wav

Word: willow
IPA: w ɪ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-willow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-willow.ogg

Word: costa
IPA: k ɑ s t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-costa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-costa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-costa.wav

Word: Reg
IPA: ɹ ɛ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Reg.wav

Word: vegetable
IPA: v ɛ t͡ʃ t ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-vegetable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vegetable.ogg

Word: area
IPA: ɛ ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-area.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It_is_about_4.5_million_square_kilometers_in_area.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-area.wav

Word: twin
IPA: t w ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-twin.ogg

Word: cons
IPA: k ɑ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cons.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-cons.wav

Word: cycling
IPA: s a ɪ k ə l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cycling.ogg

Word: often
IPA: ɑ f t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-often.ogg

Word: Nokia (IPA: n ɑ k i ə) - No audio found

Word: departmental
IPA: d ɪ p ɑ ɹ t m ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-departmental.wav

Word: oak
IPA: o ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-oak.ogg

Word: normal
IPA: n ɔ ɹ m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-normal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-normal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-normal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-normal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-normal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-normal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-normal.ogg

Word: tell
IPA: t ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tell.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tell.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Tell_her_you’re_here.ogg

Word: faster
IPA: f æ s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-faster.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_faster.ogg

Word: principal
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n s ɪ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-principal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-principal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-principal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-principal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-principal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-principal.wav

Word: destroyed
IPA: d ɪ s t ɹ ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-destroyed.ogg

Word: Booth (IPA: b u θ) - No audio found

Word: will
IPA: w ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-will.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-will.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-will.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-will2.ogg

Word: care
IPA: k ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-care.ogg

Word: xerox
IPA: z iː ə ɹ ɑ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-xerox.ogg

Word: consequence
IPA: k ɑ n s ɪ k w ɛ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-consequence.ogg

Word: identification
IPA: ɪ d ɛ n t ɪ f ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-identification.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-identification.wav

Word: table
IPA: t e ɪ b l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-table.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-table.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-table.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-table.ogg

Word: palmer (IPA: p ɑ m ɚ) - No audio found

Word: basketball
IPA: b æ s k ɪ t b ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-basketball.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-basketball.wav

Word: apparel
IPA: ə p æ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-apparel.ogg

Word: anthropology
IPA: æ n θ ɹ ə p ɑ l ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-anthropology.ogg

Word: pillow
IPA: p ɪ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-pillow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pillow.ogg

Word: moves
IPA: m uː v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-moves.wav

Word: URL
IPA: j u ɑ ɹ ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-URL.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-URL.wav

Word: processing
IPA: p ɹ ɑ s ɛ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-processing.ogg

Word: belong
IPA: b ɪ l ɑ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-belong.ogg

Word: za
IPA: z iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-za.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-za.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-za.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Krokus-za.wav

Word: Delaware
IPA: d ɛ l ə w ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Delaware.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Delaware.wav

Word: regularly
IPA: ɹ ɛ ɡ j ə l ɚ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-regularly.ogg

Word: GATE
IPA: ɡ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-gate.ogg

Word: changing
IPA: t͡ʃ e ɪ n d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-changing.wav

Word: Hans
IPA: h æ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Hans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Hans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Hans.wav

Word: nursing (IPA: n ɝ s ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: cycles (IPA: s a ɪ k ə l z) - No audio found

Word: Klein
IPA: k l a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Klein.ogg

Word: pure
IPA: p j ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-pure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-pure.flac

Word: Joy
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-joy.ogg

Word: receptor
IPA: ɹ ɪ s ɛ p t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-receptor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-receptor.wav

Word: antenna
IPA: æ n t ɛ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-antenna.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-antenna.wav

Word: REST
IPA: ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rest.wav

Word: license
IPA: l a ɪ s ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-license.ogg

Word: exact
IPA: ɪ ɡ z æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-exact.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-exact.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-exact.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-exact.wav

Word: organize
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɡ ə n a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-organize.wav

Word: very
IPA: v ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-very.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-very.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-very.ogg

Word: arts
IPA: ɑ ɹ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arts.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-arts.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-arts.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-arts.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Salgo60-arts.wav

Word: hon
IPA: h ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-hon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-hon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-hon_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: smooth
IPA: s m uː ð
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-smooth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-smooth.wav

Word: notes
IPA: n o ʊ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-notes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-bloc-notes.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-notes.ogg

Word: reveal
IPA: ɹ ɪ v i l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reveal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-reveal.ogg

Word: numerical
IPA: n j u m ɛ ɹ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-numerical.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Jjamesryan-numerical.wav

Word: coral
IPA: k ɔ ɚ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-coral.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-coral.ogg

Word: stream
IPA: s t ɹ iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stream.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stream.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-stream.wav

Word: squad
IPA: s k w ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-squad.ogg

Word: vehicles
IPA: v i h ɪ k l̩ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vehicle.ogg

Word: kids
IPA: k ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kids.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-kids.ogg

Word: type
IPA: t a ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-type.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-type.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-type.ogg

Word: piano
IPA: p i ɑ n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-un_piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-piano.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-piano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-piano.ogg

Word: Ricky (IPA: ɹ ɪ k i) - No audio found

Word: exit
IPA: ɛ ɡ z ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-exit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-exit.ogg

Word: trailer
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-trailer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-trailer.wav

Word: arrived
IPA: ə ɹ a ɪ v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arrived.ogg

Word: Andrews (IPA: æ n d ɹ u z) - No audio found

Word: upload
IPA: ʌ p l o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-upload.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-upload2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-upload.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-upload.ogg

Word: funded
IPA: f ʌ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-funded.ogg

Word: sol
IPA: s ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-sol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-sol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--sol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9063_(slv)-Zupanurska-sol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-sol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Guergana-sol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-sol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/96-sol.wav

Word: columns
IPA: k ɑ l ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-columns.ogg

Word: X
IPA: k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:X_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-X.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-X.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-X-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-X.ogg

Word: savings (IPA: s e ɪ v ɪ ŋ z) - No audio found

Word: organization
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɡ ə n ɪ z e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-organization.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-organisation.ogg

Word: ya
IPA: j ɑ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ya.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-ya.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-ya.flac

Word: task
IPA: t æ s k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-task.ogg

Word: publication
IPA: p ʌ b l ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-publication.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-publication.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Laszlo_Cárdenas_(Culex)-publication.wav

Word: hepatitis
IPA: h ɛ p ə t a ɪ̯ t ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hepatitis.ogg

Word: thy
IPA: ð a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thy.ogg

Word: majority
IPA: m ə d͡ʒ ɑ ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-majority.ogg

Word: dependent
IPA: d ɪ p ɛ n d ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dependent.ogg

Word: try
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_try.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-try.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-try.ogg

Word: Manitoba
IPA: m æ n ɪ t o ʊ b ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Manitoba.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-Manitoba.wav

Word: complete
IPA: k ə m p l iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-complete.ogg

Word: cellular
IPA: s ɛ l j u l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cellular.wav

Word: earthquake
IPA: ɝ θ k w e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-earthquake.ogg

Word: cleaner
IPA: k l i n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cleaner.wav

Word: genuine
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n j uː a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-genuine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-genuine.ogg

Word: theatre
IPA: θ i ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-theatre.ogg

Word: wells
IPA: w ɛ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wells.ogg

Word: choices (IPA: t͡ʃ ɔ ɪ s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: licence
IPA: l a ɪ s ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-licence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-licence.ogg

Word: posts
IPA: p o ʊ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-posts.ogg

Word: admin
IPA: æ d m ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-admin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-admin.ogg

Word: tourist
IPA: t ɔ ɹ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tourist.wav

Word: ladies
IPA: l e ɪ d i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ladies.ogg

Word: people
IPA: p i p l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-people.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-people.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-VictorDtmtc-people.wav

Word: displays
IPA: d ɪ s p l e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-displays.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-displays.ogg

Word: tea
IPA: t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-tea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-tea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-tea.ogg

Word: kings
IPA: k ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kings.ogg

Word: routine
IPA: ɹ uː t iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-routine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-routine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-routine.ogg

Word: namespace
IPA: n e ɪ m s p e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-namespace.ogg

Word: Czech
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Czech.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Czech.ogg

Word: resort
IPA: ɹ iː s ɔ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-resort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-resort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-resort.wav

Word: reducing
IPA: ɹ ɪ d u s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reducing.ogg

Word: doing
IPA: d uː ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-doing.ogg

Word: offerings (IPA: ɔ f ə ɹ ɪ ŋ z) - No audio found

Word: transit
IPA: t ɹ æ n z ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-transit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-transit.wav

Word: portrait
IPA: p ɔ ɹ t ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-portrait.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-portrait.ogg

Word: O
IPA: o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:O_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-o.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-O.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-O.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-o.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-O.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-O-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-O.OGG

Word: club
IPA: k l ʌ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-club.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-club.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-club.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-club.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-club.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-club.wav

Word: listen
IPA: l ɪ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_listen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-listen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-listen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-listen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-listen.ogg

Word: beads (IPA: b iː d z) - No audio found

Word: convergence
IPA: k ə n v ɜː ɹ d͡ʒ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-convergence.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-convergence.wav

Word: convertible
IPA: k ə n v ɝ t ɪ b l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-convertible.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-convertible.wav

Word: sciences
IPA: s a ɪ ə n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sciences.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-sciences.wav

Word: nest
IPA: n ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-nest.ogg

Word: insurance
IPA: ɪ n ʃ ʊ ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-insurance.ogg

Word: arrested
IPA: ə ɹ ɛ s t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arrested.ogg

Word: rural
IPA: ɹ ɝ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Rural.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-rural-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-rural.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-rural.ogg

Word: mountain
IPA: m a ʊ n t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-mountain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-mountain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Exilexi-mountain.wav

Word: drawing
IPA: d ɹ ɔː ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drawing.ogg

Word: hiring (IPA: h a ɪ ɹ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: tests
IPA: t ɛ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tests.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-tests.wav

Word: situation
IPA: s ɪ t j uː e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-situation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-situation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-situation.ogg

Word: aggregate
IPA: æ ɡ ɹ ɪ ɡ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aggregate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aggregate-verb.ogg

Word: governor
IPA: ɡ ʌ v ə n ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-governor.ogg

Word: accessed
IPA: æ k s ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-accessed.wav

Word: history
IPA: h ɪ s t ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-history.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-history.ogg

Word: electronic
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t ɹ ɑ n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-electronic.ogg

Word: domain
IPA: d o ʊ m e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-domain.ogg

Word: yeah
IPA: j ɛ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yeah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yeah-interjection.ogg

Word: combat
IPA: k ɑ m b æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-combat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-combat_(verb).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-combat.ogg

Word: hits
IPA: h ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-hits.ogg

Word: blocks
IPA: b l ɑ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blocks.ogg

Word: exclusion
IPA: ɪ k s k l uː ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exclusion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-exclusion.wav

Word: SPICE
IPA: s p a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spice.ogg

Word: none
IPA: n ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-none.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-none.ogg

Word: Kenneth
IPA: k ɛ n ə θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Kenneth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Kenneth.wav

Word: Tennessee
IPA: t ɛ n ə s iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Tennessee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Tennessee.wav

Word: bouquet
IPA: b o ʊ k e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bouquet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bouquet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-bouquet.ogg

Word: primary
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ m ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-primary.ogg

Word: shadow
IPA: ʃ æ d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shadow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-shadow.ogg

Word: opportunity
IPA: ɑ p ɚ t j u n ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-GB-opportunity.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-opportunity.ogg

Word: CHIP (IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ p) - No audio found

Word: tuning
IPA: t uː n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-tuning.wav

Word: subsidiary
IPA: s ʌ b s ɪ d ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-subsidiary.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-subsidiary.wav

Word: unique
IPA: j uː n iː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unique.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-unique.ogg

Word: boss
IPA: b ɔ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-boss.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boss.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-boss.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-boss.ogg

Word: alternate
IPA: ɔ l t ɚ n e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-alternate-adj.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alternate-noun-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7979-Soundguys-alternate.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alternate-verb.ogg

Word: voice
IPA: v ɔ ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-voice.ogg

Word: necessarily
IPA: n ɛ s ə s ɛ ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-necessarily.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Necessarily_(Standard_British,_1).wav

Word: stake
IPA: s t e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stake.ogg

Word: deficit
IPA: d ɛ f ə s ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-deficit.wav

Word: hints (IPA: h ɪ n t s) - No audio found

Word: Diana
IPA: d a ɪ æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Diana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Diana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Diana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Diana.wav

Word: notification
IPA: n o ʊ t ɪ f ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-notification.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-notification.wav

Word: hiring (IPA: h a ɪ ɚ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: seafood
IPA: s iː f uː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-seafood.wav

Word: bookmark
IPA: b ʊ k m ɑː ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bookmark.wav

Word: Greek
IPA: ɡ ɹ iː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Greek.ogg

Word: approximate
IPA: ə p ɹ ɑ k s ə m ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-approximate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-approximate-verb.ogg

Word: dawn
IPA: d ɔ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-dawn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cy-dawn.ogg

Word: hills
IPA: h ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hills.ogg

Word: symphony
IPA: s ɪ m f ə n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-symphony.wav

Word: Mercedes (IPA: m ɚ s e ɪ d i z) - No audio found

Word: finances
IPA: f ɪ n æ n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-finances.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-les_finances.ogg

Word: funk
IPA: f ʌ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-funk.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-funk.ogg

Word: eternal
IPA: ɪ t ɝ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eternal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-eternal.wav

Word: Cyprus
IPA: s a ɪ p ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Cyprus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Cyprus.ogg

Word: themselves
IPA: ð ɛ m s ɛ l v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-themselves.ogg

Word: eleven
IPA: ə l ɛ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-eleven.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-eleven.ogg

Word: household
IPA: h a ʊ s h o ʊ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-household.ogg

Word: team
IPA: t iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-team.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-team.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-team.wav

Word: combining
IPA: k ə m b a ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Combining.ogg

Word: pants
IPA: p æ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pants.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pants.ogg

Word: March
IPA: m ɑ ɹ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-March.ogg

Word: direct
IPA: d a ɪ ɹ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-direct.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-direct.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-direct.ogg

Word: Seattle
IPA: s i æ t l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Seattle.ogg

Word: weekend
IPA: w i k ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-weekend.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-weekend.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-week-end.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-weekend.wav

Word: rebate
IPA: ɹ iː b e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rebate1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rebate2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-rebate.wav

Word: waters
IPA: w ɔ t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-waters.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-waters.ogg

Word: stayed
IPA: s t e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stayed.ogg

Word: bored
IPA: b ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-board.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-bored.wav

Word: features
IPA: f i t͡ʃ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-features.ogg

Word: jury
IPA: d͡ʒ ʊ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jury.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jury.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-jury.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-jury.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-jury.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_jury.ogg

Word: intimate
IPA: ɪ n t ɪ m ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-intimate.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intimate-noun-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intimate-verb.ogg

Word: mint
IPA: m ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mint.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mint.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-mint.ogg

Word: project
IPA: p ɹ ɑ d͡ʒ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-project-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-project.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-project-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_proposal_with_China_would_involve_a_project_to_create_artificial_rain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-project.ogg

Word: Queensland
IPA: k w iː n z l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-Queensland.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Queensland.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Us_Queensland.ogg

Word: ave
IPA: æ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ave.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-ave.wav

Word: increasing
IPA: ɪ n k ɹ iː s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-increasing.ogg

Word: officials
IPA: ə f ɪ ʃ ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-officials.ogg

Word: gays
IPA: ɡ e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gaze.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-gays.wav

Word: beginning
IPA: b ɪ ɡ ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beginning.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-beginning.wav

Word: casino
IPA: k æ s i n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-casino.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-casino.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--casino.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-casino.wav

Word: establishing
IPA: ɪ s t æ b l ɪ ʃ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-establishing.wav

Word: sunset
IPA: s ʌ n s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sunset.ogg

Word: suggested
IPA: s ə ɡ d͡ʒ ɛ s t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-suggested.ogg

Word: DNA
IPA: d i ɛ n e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-DNA.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-DNA.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-DNA.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-DNA.ogg

Word: Walt
IPA: w ɒ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Walt.wav

Word: betty
IPA: b ɛ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-betty.ogg

Word: Samuel
IPA: s æ m j u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Samuel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Samuel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Samuel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Samuel2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Samuel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Samuel.wav

Word: original
IPA: ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-original.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-original.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-original.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-original.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-original.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-original.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-original.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-original.ogg

Word: closer
IPA: k l o ʊ z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-closer-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-closer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-closer-noun.ogg

Word: PlayStation
IPA: p l e ɪ s t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-PlayStation.wav

Word: startup (IPA: s t ɑ ɹ t ʌ p) - No audio found

Word: Lance (IPA: l æ n s) - No audio found

Word: Panama
IPA: p æ n ə m ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Panama-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Panama.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Panama.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Panama.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Panama.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Panama.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Panama.wav

Word: encryption
IPA: ɪ n k ɹ ɪ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-encryption.wav

Word: elephant
IPA: ɛ l ə f ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-elephant.ogg

Word: letter
IPA: l ɛ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-letter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-letter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-letter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-letter.ogg

Word: lol
IPA: l ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-lol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-lol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-lol.wav

Word: person
IPA: p ɜ ɹ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-person.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-person.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-person.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-person.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-person1.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cy-person.ogg

Word: chaos
IPA: k e ɪ ɑ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Chaos_in_RP.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chaos.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-chaos.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-chaos.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-chaos.ogg

Word: medicine
IPA: m ɛ d ɪ s ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-medicine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-medicine.ogg

Word: they
IPA: ð e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-they.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-they.ogg

Word: cup
IPA: k ʌ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_cup.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cup.ogg

Word: sustainability
IPA: s ə s t e ɪ n ə b ɪ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-US_sustainability.ogg

Word: inquiry
IPA: ɪ n k w ɪ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inquiry.ogg

Word: smile
IPA: s m a ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-smile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Da-smile.ogg

Word: seven
IPA: s ɛ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-seven.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-seven.ogg

Word: secure
IPA: s ə k j ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-secure.wav

Word: airplane
IPA: e ɹ p l e ɪ̯ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-airplane.ogg

Word: inclusion
IPA: ɪ n k l uː ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-inclusion.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-inclusion.wav

Word: horizon
IPA: h ə ɹ a ɪ z ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-horizon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-horizon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-horizon.ogg

Word: share
IPA: ʃ ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-share.ogg

Word: Link
IPA: l ɪ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-link.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Link.ogg

Word: Maldives
IPA: m ɔ l d a ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Maldives.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Maldives.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Maldives.wav

Word: interaction
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ æ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interaction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Such_technologies_will_also_“shape_future_human_interaction_with_the_machines_we_created,”_he_added.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Exilexi-interaction.wav

Word: mortgage
IPA: m ɔ ɹ ɡ ɘ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mortgage.ogg

Word: pressure
IPA: p ɹ ɛ ʃ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pressure.ogg

Word: football
IPA: f ʊ t b ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-football.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-football.ogg

Word: Belize
IPA: b ɛ l iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Belize.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Belize.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Belize.wav

Word: valued
IPA: v æ l j uː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-valued.ogg

Word: okay
IPA: o ʊ k e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-okay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-okay.ogg

Word: semi
IPA: s ɛ m a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-semi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-semi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-semi.flac

Word: volumes
IPA: v ɑ l j u m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-volumes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-volumes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-volumes.wav

Word: Atlas
IPA: æ t l ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-atlas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Atlas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-Atlas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Atlas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Atlas.ogg

Word: warrior
IPA: w ɔ ɹ j ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-warrior.ogg

Word: means
IPA: m i n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-means.ogg

Word: test
IPA: t ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_test.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-test.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-test.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-test.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-test.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Nostrix-test.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-test.wav

Word: ugly
IPA: ʌ ɡ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ugly1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-ugly.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ugly.ogg

Word: consortium
IPA: k ə n s ɔː ɹ t i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-consortium.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-consortium.wav

Word: observe
IPA: ə b z ɝ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-observe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-observe.wav

Word: nirvana
IPA: n ɚ v ɑ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nirvana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-nirvana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-nirvana.wav

Word: sole
IPA: s o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sole.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-sole.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sole.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-sole.ogg

Word: pretty
IPA: p ɹ ʊ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pretty.ogg

Word: qualify
IPA: k w ɑ l ɪ f a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-qualify.ogg

Word: gen
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-gen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-gen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-gen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-gen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-gen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-gen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_gen.ogg

Word: spank
IPA: s p æ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-spank.ogg

Word: led
IPA: l ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-led.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-led.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-led.ogg

Word: spiritual
IPA: s p ɪ ɹ ɪ̈ t͡ʃ u l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spiritual.ogg

Word: substance
IPA: s ʌ b s t ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-substance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-substance.ogg

Word: education
IPA: ɛ d͡ʒ ʊ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-education.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-education.ogg

Word: dialog
IPA: d a ɪ ə l ɑ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-dialogue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-dialog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-dialog.wav

Word: sandy
IPA: s æ n d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sandy.ogg

Word: crucial
IPA: k ɹ uː ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-crucial.ogg

Word: Christine
IPA: k ɹ ɪ s t iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Christine.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Christine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Christine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Christine.wav

Word: assume
IPA: ə s uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-assume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-assume.wav

Word: wound
IPA: w u n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wound-injury.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wound-turned.ogg

Word: outstanding
IPA: a ʊ t s t æ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-outstanding.ogg

Word: reaches (IPA: ɹ iː t͡ʃ ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: Nathan
IPA: n e ɪ θ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Nathan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Nathan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Nathan.ogg

Word: forming
IPA: f ɔ ɹ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forming.ogg

Word: physically
IPA: f ɪ z ɪ k l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-physically.wav

Word: male
IPA: m e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-male.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Da-male.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-male.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-male.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-male.ogg

Word: RADAR (IPA: ɹ e ɪ d ɑː ɹ) - No audio found

Word: algorithms (IPA: æ l ɡ ə ɹ ɪ ð m z) - No audio found

Word: comfortable
IPA: k ʌ m f t ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-comfortable.ogg

Word: trails (IPA: t ɹ e ɪ l z) - No audio found

Word: GNU
IPA: d͡ʒ iː ɛ n j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gnu.ogg

Word: Rwanda
IPA: ɹ ə w ɑ n d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Rwanda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Rwanda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Rwanda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Rwanda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Rwanda.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Rwanda.wav

Word: baseball
IPA: b e ɪ s b ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-baseball.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Exilexi-baseball.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-baseball.wav

Word: engaging
IPA: ɪ ŋ ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-engaging.ogg

Word: trek
IPA: t ɹ ɛ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-trek.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-trek.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-trek.ogg

Word: Kuwait
IPA: k uː w e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Kuwait.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Kuwait.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Kuwait.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nb-kuwait.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Kuwait.wav

Word: associated
IPA: ə s o ʊ ʃ i e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associated.ogg

Word: promises
IPA: p ɹ ɑ m ɪ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-promises.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-promises.wav

Word: gang
IPA: ɡ e ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-gang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-gang_(Avignon).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-gang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-gang.ogg

Word: plate
IPA: p l e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_plate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-plate.ogg

Word: your
IPA: j ɜ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-your.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your_unstressed.ogg

Word: staff
IPA: s t æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-staff.ogg

Word: under
IPA: ʌ n d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-under.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-under.ogg

Word: internship
IPA: ɪ n t ɝ n ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-internship.ogg

Word: assuming
IPA: ə s uː m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-assuming.wav

Word: HIP (IPA: h ɪ p) - No audio found

Word: gasoline
IPA: ɡ æ s l i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gasoline.ogg

Word: religion
IPA: ɹ ɪ l ɪ d͡ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-religion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-religion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-religion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-religion.ogg

Word: damage
IPA: d æ m ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-damage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cold_temperatures,_heavy_rain,_falling_rocks,_strong_winds_and_glacier_movement_can_damage_the_equipment.ogg

Word: signed
IPA: s a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-signed.ogg

Word: cooked
IPA: k ʊ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cooked.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-cooked.ogg

Word: formerly
IPA: f ɔ ɹ m ɚ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-formerly.ogg

Word: luggage
IPA: l ʌ ɡ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-luggage.wav

Word: surrounded
IPA: s ə ɹ a ʊ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surrounded.ogg

Word: worship
IPA: w ɝ ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-worship.ogg

Word: manga
IPA: m æ ŋ ɡ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-manga.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-manga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-manga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-manga.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-manga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-manga.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Tl-ph-mga.ogg

Word: instrument
IPA: ɪ n s t ɹ ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-instrument.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-instrument.ogg

Word: stands
IPA: s t æ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stands.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stands.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-stands.wav

Word: compilation
IPA: k ɑ m p ɪ l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-compilation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--compilation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-compilation.wav

Word: demo
IPA: d ɛ m o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-demo.wav

Word: ranking
IPA: ɹ æ ŋ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-ranking.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ranking.ogg

Word: honest
IPA: ɑ n ə s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-honest.ogg

Word: East (IPA: iː s t) - No audio found

Word: village
IPA: v ɪ l ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-village.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-village.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-village.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-village.ogg

Word: Phoenix
IPA: f iː n ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Phoenix.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Phoenix.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Phoenix.ogg

Word: beer
IPA: b ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-beer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-beer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-beer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-beer.ogg

Word: low
IPA: l a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-low.ogg

Word: presentation
IPA: p ɹ i z ə n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-presentation.ogg

Word: Victor
IPA: v ɪ k t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-victor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Victor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Victor.wav

Word: flags
IPA: f l æ ɡ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-flags.wav

Word: Mercury
IPA: m ɝ k j ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Mercury.ogg

Word: women
IPA: w ɪ m ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-women.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-women.opus

Word: Toyota
IPA: t ɔ ɪ o ʊ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Toyota.ogg

Word: queen
IPA: k w iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-queen.ogg

Word: optimal
IPA: ɑ p t ɪ m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-optimal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-optimal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-optimal.ogg

Word: officially
IPA: ə f ɪ ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-officially.ogg

Word: contains
IPA: k ə n t e ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contains.ogg

Word: influenced
IPA: ɪ n f l u ə n s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-influenced.ogg

Word: Mariah (IPA: m ə ɹ a ɪ ə) - No audio found

Word: ken
IPA: k ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ken.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ken.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-ken.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-ken.ogg

Word: sensor
IPA: s ɛ n s ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-censor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sensor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-sensor.wav

Word: cancer
IPA: k æ n s ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cancer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cancer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cancer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-cancer.ogg

Word: significant
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ɪ f ə ɡ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-significant.ogg

Word: ended
IPA: ɛ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ended.ogg

Word: head
IPA: h ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-head.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-head.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-head.wav

Word: vocabulary
IPA: v ə k æ b j ə l ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vocabulary.ogg

Word: existed
IPA: ɪ ɡ z ɪ s t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-existed.ogg

Word: oz
IPA: a ʊ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-ounce.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-oz.wav

Word: courage
IPA: k ɝ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-courage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-courage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-courage.ogg

Word: Austin
IPA: ɔ s t ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Austin.oga

Word: learning
IPA: l ɝ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-learning.ogg

Word: math
IPA: m ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-math.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-math.wav

Word: convergence
IPA: k ɒ n v ɜː ɹ d͡ʒ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-convergence.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-convergence.wav

Word: done
IPA: d ə ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-done.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-done.wav

Word: probe
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-probe.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-probe.ogg

Word: yield
IPA: j iː l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yield.ogg

Word: hanging
IPA: h æ ŋ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hanging.ogg

Word: philosophy
IPA: f ɪ l ɑ s ə f i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-philosophy.ogg

Word: proven
IPA: p ɹ u v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-proven.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-proven.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-proven.ogg

Word: Kelly
IPA: k ɛ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-Kelly.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Kelly.ogg

Word: reed
IPA: ɹ iː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-reed.ogg

Word: German
IPA: d͡ʒ ɝ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-German.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-German.ogg

Word: ranks
IPA: ɹ æ ŋ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ranks.ogg

Word: automatic
IPA: ɔː t ə m æ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-automatic.ogg

Word: reveal
IPA: ɹ ə v i l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reveal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-reveal.ogg

Word: unit
IPA: j uː n ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-unit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-unit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-unit.wav

Word: tree
IPA: t ɹ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-tree.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tree.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-tree.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tree.ogg

Word: verbal
IPA: v ɝ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-verbal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-verbal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-verbal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-verbal.ogg

Word: forum
IPA: f ɔ ɹ ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-forum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-forum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-forum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-forum.ogg

Word: characteristics
IPA: k ɛ ɹ ə k t ə ɹ ɪ s t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-characteristics.wav

Word: monitor
IPA: m ɑ n ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-monitor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-monitor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-monitor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-monitor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-monitor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-monitor.wav

Word: hong (IPA: h ɑ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: governance
IPA: ɡ ʌ v ə ɹ n ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-governance.wav

Word: take
IPA: t e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_take.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-take.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-take.ogg

Word: lawyer
IPA: l ɔ j ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lawyer.ogg

Word: yang
IPA: j e ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-yang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/ID-yang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ms-MY-yang.ogg

Word: forge
IPA: f ɔ ɹ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-forge.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-forge.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--forge.ogg

Word: assault
IPA: ə s ɔ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-assault.ogg

Word: rides
IPA: ɹ a ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-rides.wav

Word: redhead
IPA: ɹ ɛ d h ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-redhead.wav

Word: missing
IPA: m ɪ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-missing.ogg

Word: engaging
IPA: ɪ n ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-engaging.ogg

Word: sets
IPA: s ɛ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sets.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sets.ogg

Word: clouds
IPA: k l a ʊ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clouds.ogg

Word: BIOS (IPA: b a ɪ o ʊ s) - No audio found

Word: mode
IPA: m o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mode.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mode.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-mode.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/NB_-_Pronunciation_of_Norwegian_Bokmål_«mode».ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-mode.ogg

Word: grocery
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ s ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-grocery.wav

Word: W
IPA: d ʌ b j ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:W_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-W.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-W.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-W.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_w_es_es.flac

Word: roller
IPA: ɹ o ʊ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-roller.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--roller.ogg

Word: replies (IPA: ɹ ɪ p l a ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: om
IPA: o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-om.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-om.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-om.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-KaMan-VAT-om.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-Romania-Albert-om.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-om.ogg

Word: Uganda
IPA: j u ɡ æ n d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Uganda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Uganda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Uganda.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Uganda.wav

Word: martin
IPA: m ɑ ɹ t ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-martin.wav

Word: lodge
IPA: l ɑ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lodge.ogg

Word: cannon
IPA: k æ n ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cannon.ogg

Word: Morris (IPA: m ɔ ɹ ɪ s) - No audio found

Word: requirement
IPA: ɹ ɪ k w ɑ ɹ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-requirement.wav

Word: employ
IPA: ɪ m p l ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-employ.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-employ.wav

Word: cement
IPA: s ə m ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-cement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cement.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-cement.ogg

Word: resume
IPA: ɹ ɪ z j u m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-resume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-resume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-resume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-resumé.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-resume-document.ogg

Word: armed
IPA: ɑ ɹ m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-armed.ogg

Word: dig
IPA: d ɪ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dig.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-dig.ogg

Word: recommended
IPA: ɹ ɛ k ə m ɛ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-recommended.ogg

Word: agree
IPA: ə ɡ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-agree.ogg

Word: injury
IPA: ɪ n d͡ʒ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-injury.ogg

Word: italic
IPA: a ɪ t æ l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-italic.wav

Word: finds
IPA: f a ɪ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-finds.ogg

Word: Gabriel
IPA: ɡ e ɪ b ɹ i ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Gabriel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Gabriel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Gabriel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Gabriel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Gabriel.wav

Word: kinds
IPA: k a ɪ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kinds.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-kinds.ogg

Word: originally
IPA: ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ n ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-originally.ogg

Word: platinum
IPA: p l æ t n ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-platinum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-platinum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-platinum.wav

Word: magical
IPA: m æ d͡ʒ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-magical.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-magical.wav

Word: poll
IPA: p ɒ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pole.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poll_(o).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-poll.ogg

Word: Olympic
IPA: ə l ɪ m p ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Olympic.wav

Word: amino
IPA: ə m i n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-amino.wav

Word: Hill (IPA: h ɪ l) - No audio found

Word: photography
IPA: f ə t ɑ ɡ ɹ ə f i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-photography.ogg

Word: Oakland (IPA: o ʊ k l ə n d) - No audio found

Word: fist
IPA: f ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fist.ogg

Word: miniature
IPA: m ɪ n i ə t͡ʃ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-miniature.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Helenou66-miniature.wav

Word: McDonald (IPA: m ə k d ɑ n ə l d) - No audio found

Word: want
IPA: w ɒ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_want.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-want.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-want.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_want_to_find_a_supermarket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-want.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-want.ogg

Word: neighborhood
IPA: n e ɪ b ɚ h ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-neighborhood.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-neighbourhood.ogg

Word: ambient
IPA: æ m b i ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-ambient.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ambient.ogg

Word: encoding (IPA: ɪ n k o ʊ d ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: our
IPA: aː ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our-2.ogg

Word: permit
IPA: p ɝ m ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-permit-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-permit-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-permit.wav

Word: bracket
IPA: b ɹ æ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bracket.ogg

Word: ce
IPA: s iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-ce.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Letter_c_es_es.flac

Word: introducing (IPA: ɪ n t ɹ ə d u s ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: length
IPA: l ɛ ŋ k θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-length.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-length.ogg

Word: perfect
IPA: p ɜ ɹ f ə k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-perfect-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-perfect-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-perfect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-perfect.wav

Word: button
IPA: b ʌ t n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-button.ogg

Word: anxiety
IPA: æ ŋ ɡ z a ɪ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anxiety.ogg

Word: conscious
IPA: k ɑ n ʃ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-conscious.ogg

Word: apparatus
IPA: æ p ə ɹ e ɪ t ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-apparatus.ogg

Word: nights
IPA: n a ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nights.ogg

Word: horses
IPA: h o ɹ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-horses.ogg

Word: era
IPA: ɪ ɚ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-era.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-era.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-era.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-era.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-era.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q35735-Davidgrosclaude-era.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-era.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q5146_(por)-MedK1-era.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-era.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-era.ogg

Word: wires
IPA: w a ɪ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wires.ogg

Word: judges
IPA: d͡ʒ ʌ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-judges.ogg

Word: provision
IPA: p ɹ ə v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-provision.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-provision.ogg

Word: violation
IPA: v a ɪ ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-violation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-violation.wav

Word: spare
IPA: s p ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spare.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-spare.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-spare.ogg

Word: Colombia
IPA: k ə l ʌ m b i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Colombia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Colombia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-República_de_Colombia.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/es-Colombia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Colombia.wav

Word: Margaret
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ɡ ɹ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Margaret.wav

Word: replacement
IPA: ɹ ɪ p l e ɪ s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-replacement.ogg

Word: alumni
IPA: ə l ʌ m n a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-alumni.wav

Word: funds (IPA: f ʌ n d z) - No audio found

Word: hunger
IPA: h ʌ ŋ ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hunger.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_hunger.ogg

Word: char
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-char.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-ĉar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-char.ogg

Word: star
IPA: s t ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-star.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-star.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-star.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-star.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-star.ogg

Word: dangerous
IPA: d e ɪ n ʒ ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-dangerous.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dangerous.ogg

Word: cute
IPA: k ɪ u̯ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cute.ogg

Word: similar
IPA: s ɪ m ə l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-similar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-similar.wav

Word: relaxation
IPA: ɹ ɪ l æ k s e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-relaxation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-relaxation.wav

Word: equivalent
IPA: ɪ k w ɪ v ə l ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-equivalent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-equivalent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-equivalent.wav

Word: cabinet
IPA: k æ b ə n ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cabinet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cabinet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-cabinet.wav

Word: store
IPA: s t ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-store.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-store.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-store.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Ainali-store.wav

Word: juvenile
IPA: d͡ʒ uː v ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-juvenile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-juvenile.flac

Word: pub
IPA: p ʌ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pub.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pub.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pub.wav

Word: Dee
IPA: d iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dee.wav

Word: hence
IPA: h ɛ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hence.ogg

Word: manufacturing (IPA: m æ n j ə f æ k t͡ʃ ə ɹ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: released
IPA: ɹ ɪ l iː s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-released.ogg

Word: Og
IPA: ɒ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Og.wav

Word: bee
IPA: b iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_bee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nv-bee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-bee.flac

Word: heritage
IPA: h ɛ ɹ ɪ t ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heritage.ogg

Word: collective
IPA: k ə l ɛ k t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-collective.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-collective.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-collective.wav

Word: beds
IPA: b ɛ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beds.ogg

Word: minister
IPA: m ɪ n ə s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minister.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-minister.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-minister.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-minister.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-minister.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-minister.ogg

Word: campaign
IPA: k ə m p e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-campaign.ogg

Word: Israel
IPA: ɪ z ɹ e ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Israel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israel2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Israel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Israel.wav

Word: platinum
IPA: p l æ t ɪ n ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-platinum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-platinum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-platinum.wav

Word: truly
IPA: t ɹ uː l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-truly.ogg

Word: series
IPA: s i ɹ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-series.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-series.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-series.ogg

Word: champagne
IPA: ʃ æ m p e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-champagne.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-champagne.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-champagne.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-champagne.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-champagne.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-champagne.ogg

Word: failures
IPA: f e ɪ l j ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-failures.ogg

Word: tion
IPA: t a ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-tion.wav

Word: lying
IPA: l a ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lying.ogg

Word: surely
IPA: ʃ ʊ ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surely.ogg

Word: miles
IPA: m a ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-miles.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-miles.wav

Word: Alexandria
IPA: æ l ə ɡ z æ n d ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Alexandria.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Alexandria.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Alexandria.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-Alexandria.ogg

Word: present
IPA: p ɹ ɛ z ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-present-adjective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-present-verb1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-present-verb2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-present.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-present.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_present.ogg

Word: become
IPA: b ɪ k ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-become.ogg

Word: root
IPA: ɹ uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-root.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-root.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-root_with_ʊ.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-root.wav

Word: channels
IPA: t͡ʃ æ n ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-channels.wav

Word: bruce
IPA: b ɹ uː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_bruce.ogg

Word: erotica
IPA: ɪ ɹ ɒ t ɪ k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-erotica.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-erotica.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-erotica.wav

Word: ready
IPA: ɹ ɛ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-ready.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ready.ogg

Word: corner
IPA: k ɔ ɹ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-corner.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-corner.ogg

Word: employment
IPA: ɪ m p l ɔ ɪ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-employment.ogg

Word: goods
IPA: ɡ ʊ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-goods.ogg

Word: canvas
IPA: k æ n v ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-canvass.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-canvas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-canvas.ogg

Word: heading
IPA: h ɛ d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heading.ogg

Word: Orlando
IPA: ɔ ɹ l æ n d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Orlando.wav

Word: participant
IPA: p ɑː ɹ t ɪ s ə p ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-participant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-participant.wav

Word: prescribed
IPA: p ɹ ə s k ɹ a ɪ b d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prescribed.ogg

Word: essence
IPA: ɛ s ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-essence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-essence.ogg

Word: periodic
IPA: p ɪ ɹ i ɑ d ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-periodic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-periodic_(science).wav

Word: bless
IPA: b l ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bless.ogg

Word: semester
IPA: s ɪ m ɛ s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-semester.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-semester.ogg

Word: Istanbul
IPA: ɪ s t æ n b ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Istanbul.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Istanbul.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Istanbul.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-Istanbul.wav

Word: pirates (IPA: p a ɪ ɹ ə t s) - No audio found

Word: watershed
IPA: w ɔ t ɚ ʃ ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-watershed.ogg

Word: merchandise
IPA: m ɝ t͡ʃ ə n d a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-merchandise.ogg

Word: surrounding
IPA: s ə ɹ a ʊ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surrounding.ogg

Word: hurricane
IPA: h ɝ ɪ k e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Hurricane.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-hurricane.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-hurricane.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hurricane.ogg

Word: Ng (IPA: ɛ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: yarn
IPA: j ɑ ɹ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yarn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-yarn.ogg

Word: do
IPA: d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-do.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-do-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-do_(unstressed).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-do-music.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sr-Do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/SK-do.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-do.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-do.wav

Word: relief
IPA: ɹ ɪ l iː f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-relief.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-relief.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-relief.wav

Word: communist
IPA: k ɑ m j u n ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gb-communist.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-communist.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-communist.ogg

Word: pump
IPA: p ʌ m p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pump.ogg

Word: ethnic
IPA: ɛ θ n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ethnic.ogg

Word: reliable
IPA: ɹ ɪ l a ɪ ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reliable.ogg

Word: copy
IPA: k ɑ p i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-copy.ogg

Word: Southern (IPA: s ʌ ð ɚ n) - No audio found

Word: dealing (IPA: d iː l ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: exceptions
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-exceptions.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-exceptions.wav

Word: interim
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interim.ogg

Word: chancellor
IPA: t͡ʃ æ n s l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chancellor.ogg

Word: majority
IPA: m ə d͡ʒ ɔ ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-majority.ogg

Word: warning
IPA: w ɔ ɹ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-warning.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-warning.wav

Word: Olympus
IPA: ə l ɪ m p ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Olympus.ogg

Word: wall
IPA: w ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-wall.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wall.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-wall.ogg

Word: bloom
IPA: b l uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bloom.ogg

Word: secretary
IPA: s ɛ k ɹ ə t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secretary.ogg

Word: rarely
IPA: ɹ ɛ ə ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rarely.ogg

Word: appreciation
IPA: ə p ɹ iː ʃ i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-appreciation.wav

Word: statute
IPA: s t æ t͡ʃ uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-statute.wav

Word: LOL
IPA: l o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LOL.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LOL2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LOL3.wav

Word: operating (IPA: ɑ p ə ɹ e ɪ t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: firewall
IPA: f a ɪ ə ɹ w ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-firewall.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-firewall.ogg

Word: cards
IPA: k ɑ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cards.ogg

Word: Yang
IPA: j æ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Yang.ogg

Word: attacks
IPA: ə t æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attacks.ogg

Word: devil
IPA: d ɛ v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-devil.ogg

Word: Io
IPA: a ɪ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Io.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Io.wav

Word: shut
IPA: ʃ ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shut.ogg

Word: URL
IPA: ɝ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-URL.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-URL.wav

Word: true
IPA: t ɹ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-true.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-true.ogg

Word: entry
IPA: ɛ n t ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-entry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-entry.wav

Word: jimmy
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jimmy.ogg

Word: desired
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desired.ogg

Word: strain
IPA: s t ɹ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-strain.ogg

Word: varying
IPA: v ɛ ɹ i ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-varying.ogg

Word: a
IPA: ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Open_front_unrounded_vowel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:A_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-a.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-a-stressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-a-unstressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Anna,_do_you_have_a_pen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Patent_requests_for_machine_learning_activities_grew_on_average_by_28_percent_a_year_between_2013_and_2016,_the_study_found.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-a.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/da-cph-a-letter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/da-cph-a-prep.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-a.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-a.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-a.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-a.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-a.ogg

Word: dod
IPA: d ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dod.wav

Word: Hull (IPA: h ʌ l) - No audio found

Word: sink
IPA: s ɪ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sink.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sink.ogg

Word: Antarctica
IPA: æ n t ɑ ɹ k t ɪ k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Antarctica.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Antarctica.ogg

Word: commonly
IPA: k ɑ m ə n l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commonly.ogg

Word: guarantee
IPA: ɡ ɛ ɹ ə n t iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guarantee.ogg

Word: eric
IPA: ɛ ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-eric.wav

Word: anime
IPA: æ n ɪ m e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-anime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-anime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-anime.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-anime.wav

Word: suit
IPA: s u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-suit-without-yod.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-suit-with-yod.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-suit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-suit.wav

Word: GUI
IPA: ɡ uː i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-GUI.ogg

Word: trader
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-trader.wav

Word: accepted
IPA: ə k s ɛ p t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accepted.ogg

Word: accommodation
IPA: ə k ɑ m ə d e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-accommodation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-accommodation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-accommodation.ogg

Word: intelligence
IPA: ɪ n t ɛ l ɪ d͡ʒ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-intelligence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-intelligence.ogg

Word: boy
IPA: b ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-boy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-boy.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-boy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-boy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-cow-boy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-boy.wav

Word: casa
IPA: k ɑː s ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-casa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-casa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-casa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/pt-pt-casa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-bo-casa.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-casa.ogg

Word: Edward
IPA: ɛ d w ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Edward.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Edward.ogg

Word: Liver (IPA: l a ɪ v ə ɹ) - No audio found

Word: achievement
IPA: ə t͡ʃ iː v m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-achievement.ogg

Word: nurse
IPA: n ɝ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nurse.ogg

Word: Indian
IPA: ɪ n d i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Indian.ogg

Word: aerial
IPA: ɛ ɹ i ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-aerial.wav

Word: classes
IPA: k l æ s iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-classes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-classes.wav

Word: experiences
IPA: ɪ k s p ɪ ɹ i ə n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-experiences.wav

Word: copied
IPA: k ɑ p i d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-copied.ogg

Word: shape
IPA: ʃ e ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-shape.ogg

Word: Eye (IPA: a ɪ) - No audio found

Word: ship
IPA: ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_ship.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ship.ogg

Word: supervision
IPA: s u p ɚ v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supervision.ogg

Word: He
IPA: h ʌ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-He.wav

Word: strengthen
IPA: s t ɹ ɛ n θ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-strengthen.ogg

Word: broad
IPA: b ɹ ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-broad.ogg

Word: administration
IPA: ə d m ɪ n ə s t ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-administration.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-administration.ogg

Word: what
IPA: w ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-what.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-what.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US_what_(flapped).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US_what_(glottalized).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-what.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-what.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_gym_is_across_from_…_what.ogg

Word: clearly
IPA: k l ɪ ɚ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clearly.ogg

Word: representations (IPA: ɹ ɛ p ɹ ə z ɛ n t e ɪ ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: animation
IPA: æ n ə m e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-animation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-animation.ogg

Word: nursery
IPA: n ɝ s ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nursery.wav

Word: opera
IPA: ɑ p ɚ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-opera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-opera.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-opera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-opera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/it-opera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-opera.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-opera.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-opera.ogg

Word: Orleans (IPA: ɔ ɹ l e ɪ ɑ̃) - No audio found

Word: estates
IPA: ɪ s t e ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-estates.ogg

Word: salvation
IPA: s æ l v e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-salvation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-salvation.ogg

Word: highland
IPA: h a ɪ l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-highland.wav

Word: listening
IPA: l ɪ s n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-listening.ogg

Word: knight
IPA: n a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-knight.ogg

Word: clearing
IPA: k l ɪ ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-clearing.wav

Word: bother
IPA: b ɑ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-bother.ogg

Word: Clark
IPA: k l ɑː ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Clark.wav

Word: dealt
IPA: d ɛ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dealt.ogg

Word: leasing
IPA: l iː z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-leasing_(z).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-leasing_(s).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-leasing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-leasing.wav

Word: cookies
IPA: k ʊ k i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cookies.ogg

Word: party
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-party.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-party.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-party.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-party.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-party.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-party.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-party.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-party.ogg

Word: consultation
IPA: k ɑ n s l̩ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-consultation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-consultation.wav

Word: diagnosis
IPA: d a ɪ ə ɡ n ə ʊ s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-diagnosis.wav

Word: mature
IPA: m ə t͡ʃ ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mature.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-mature.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-mature.wav

Word: syndicate
IPA: s ɪ n d ɪ k ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-syndicate.ogg

Word: alternative
IPA: ɔ l t ɝ n ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-alternative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-alternative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-alternative.ogg

Word: expensive
IPA: ɪ k s p ɛ n s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-expensive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-expensive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-expensive.wav

Word: statewide (IPA: s t e ɪ t w a ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: specified
IPA: s p ɛ s ɪ f a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-specified.ogg

Word: hammer
IPA: h æ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hammer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hammer.ogg

Word: Pest
IPA: p ɛ ʃ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Pest.ogg

Word: fireplace
IPA: f a ɪ ɹ p l e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fireplace.ogg

Word: gospel
IPA: ɡ ɑ s p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gospel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gospel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-gospel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-gospel.wav

Word: unlock
IPA: ʌ n l ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-unlock.wav

Word: se
IPA: s ɛ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-se.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-se.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-se.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-NMaia-se.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-se.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-se.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nb-se.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-se.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-se.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-se.ogg

Word: sad
IPA: s æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-sad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-sad.wav

Word: procedures
IPA: p ɹ ə s i d͡ʒ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-procedures.ogg

Word: satisfy
IPA: s æ t ɪ s f a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-satisfy.ogg

Word: Tucson
IPA: t uː s ɒ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Tucson.wav

Word: Holder
IPA: h o ʊ l d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Holder.ogg

Word: breakfast
IPA: b ɹ e ɪ k f æ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-breakfast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-breakfast.ogg

Word: additional
IPA: ə d ɪ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-additional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-additional.ogg

Word: receives (IPA: ɹ ɪ s iː v z) - No audio found

Word: digest
IPA: d a ɪ d͡ʒ ə s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest-noun.ogg

Word: integrate
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɡ ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-integrate.wav

Word: published
IPA: p ʌ b l ɪ ʃ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-published.ogg

Word: output
IPA: a ʊ t p ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-output.wav

Word: tons
IPA: t ʌ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tons.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-tons.wav

Word: rounds
IPA: ɹ a ʊ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rounds.ogg

Word: absence
IPA: æ b s n̩ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-absence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-absence.ogg

Word: stopped
IPA: s t ɑ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stopped.ogg

Word: words
IPA: w ɝ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-words.ogg

Word: appointment
IPA: ə p ɔ ɪ n t m ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appointment.ogg

Word: po
IPA: p ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-po.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sq-po.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-po.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-po.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-po.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-po.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-po.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Krokus-po.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-po.flac

Word: enjoying
IPA: ə n d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enjoying.ogg

Word: Dom
IPA: d ɑ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-dom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Dom2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Dom.OGG

Word: Tamil
IPA: t æ m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Tamil.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Tamil.ogg

Word: delight
IPA: d ɪ l a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-delight.ogg

Word: sir
IPA: s ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sir.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9063_(slv)-Zupanurska-sir.wav

Word: lyric
IPA: l ɪ ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-lyric.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lyric.wav

Word: gambling
IPA: ɡ æ m b l̩ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-gambling.wav

Word: picnic
IPA: p ɪ k n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-picnic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-picnic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-picnic.wav

Word: Greece
IPA: ɡ ɹ iː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Greece.ogg

Word: peripheral
IPA: p ə ɹ ɪ f i ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-peripheral.ogg

Word: illegal
IPA: ɪ l i ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-illegal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-illegal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-illegal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-illegal.ogg

Word: payments
IPA: p e ɪ m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-payments.ogg

Word: vital
IPA: v a ɪ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-vital.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-vital.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-vital.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-vital.wav

Word: neon
IPA: n i ɒ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-neon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-neon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-neon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-neon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/La-ecc-neon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-neon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-neon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-neon.wav

Word: ups
IPA: ʌ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ups.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ups.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-ups.wav

Word: not
IPA: n ɔ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-not.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-not.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-not.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Oh,_Pete._This_is_not_the_gym.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-not.ogg

Word: evil
IPA: i v l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-evil.ogg

Word: placing
IPA: p l e ɪ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-placing.wav

Word: ceremony
IPA: s ɛ ɹ ə m o ʊ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ceremony.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ceremony.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-ceremony.wav

Word: partial
IPA: p ɑ ɹ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-partial.wav

Word: compatibility
IPA: k ə m p æ t ə b ɪ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compatibility.wav

Word: dangerous
IPA: d e ɪ n d͡ʒ ɚ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-dangerous.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dangerous.ogg

Word: funeral
IPA: f j u n ə ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-funeral.ogg

Word: vary
IPA: v ɛ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-vary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-1-vary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vary.ogg

Word: short
IPA: ʃ o ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-short.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-short.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-short.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-short.ogg

Word: skirts
IPA: s k ɝ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-skirts.ogg

Word: deny
IPA: d ə n a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deny.ogg

Word: daughter
IPA: d ɔ t̬ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-daughter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-daughter.ogg

Word: builds (IPA: b ɪ l d z) - No audio found

Word: LaTeX
IPA: l e ɪ t ɛ x
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-LaTeX.ogg

Word: Song
IPA: s ɔ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Song.ogg

Word: Edgar
IPA: ɛ d ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Edgar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Edgar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Edgar.wav

Word: fellowship
IPA: f ɛ l ə ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-fellowship.wav

Word: offensive
IPA: ɔ f ɛ n s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-offensive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-offensive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-offensive.ogg

Word: ton
IPA: t ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ton.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-ton.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ton2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ton3.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ton.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ton.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-ton.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ton.ogg

Word: dialogue
IPA: d a ɪ ə l ɔ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-dialogue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dialogue.ogg

Word: grade
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grade.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-grade.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-grade.ogg

Word: Arkansas
IPA: ɑ ɹ k æ n z ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Arkansas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Arkansas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Arkansas.ogg

Word: arch
IPA: ɑ ɹ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arch.ogg

Word: reserved
IPA: ɹ ɪ z ɝ v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-reserved.wav

Word: win
IPA: w ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-win.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-win.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-win.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-win.wav

Word: municipal
IPA: m j u n ɪ s ɪ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-municipal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-municipal.wav

Word: balance
IPA: b æ l ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-balance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-balance.ogg

Word: immediately
IPA: ə m iː d i ə t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-immediately.ogg

Word: cholesterol
IPA: k ə l ɛ s t ɹ ɒ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cholesterol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cholesterol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-cholesterol.ogg

Word: maximize
IPA: m æ k s ə m a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-maximize.wav

Word: spreading
IPA: s p ɹ iː d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-spreading.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-spreading2.wav

Word: feet
IPA: f iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-feet.ogg

Word: accessing
IPA: ə k s ɛ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-accessing.wav

Word: ask
IPA: æ s k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_ask.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ask.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ask.ogg

Word: typical
IPA: t ɪ p ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-typical.ogg

Word: second
IPA: s ɛ k ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_second.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-2nd.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-second.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-second2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-second.ogg

Word: trained
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trained.ogg

Word: near
IPA: n ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-near.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-near.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-near.ogg

Word: prospect
IPA: p ɹ ɑ s p ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prospect_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-prospect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prospect_(verb).wav

Word: carrying
IPA: k ɛ ɹ i ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-carrying.ogg

Word: purple
IPA: p ɝ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-purple.ogg

Word: plant
IPA: p l æ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-plant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-plant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-plant1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-gros-plant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cy-plant.ogg

Word: deluxe
IPA: d ɪ l ʌ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-deluxe.ogg

Word: city
IPA: s ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-city.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-city.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_city.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-city.ogg

Word: appearing
IPA: ə p ɪ ə ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appearing.ogg

Word: promising (IPA: p ɹ ɑ m ɪ s ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: backing
IPA: b æ k ɪ ŋ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-backing.ogg

Word: widely
IPA: w a ɪ d l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-widely.ogg

Word: alien
IPA: e ɪ l i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-alien.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alien.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--alien.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-alien.ogg

Word: values
IPA: v æ l j uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-values.wav

Word: Vegetarian (IPA: v ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ t ɛ ɹ i ə n) - No audio found

Word: sends (IPA: s ɛ n d z) - No audio found

Word: newest (IPA: n j u ɪ s t) - No audio found

Word: fuel
IPA: f j uː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-fuel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-fuel.wav

Word: remember
IPA: m ɛ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remember.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_remember.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Remember_me._I_live_in_your_building.ogg

Word: penalty
IPA: p ɛ n ə l t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-penalty.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-penalty.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-penalty.wav

Word: Rome
IPA: ɹ o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Rome.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Rome.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Rome.wav

Word: Saskatchewan
IPA: s ə s k æ t͡ʃ ə w ɑː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Saskatchewan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-Saskatchewan.ogg

Word: nearest
IPA: n ɪ ɹ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nearest.ogg

Word: quote
IPA: k w ə ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quote.ogg

Word: Omaha (IPA: o ʊ m ə h ɔ) - No audio found

Word: complement
IPA: k ɑ m p l ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-complement.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-complement.wav

Word: literally
IPA: l ɪ t ə ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Literally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-literally.ogg

Word: Miss
IPA: m ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Miss.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Miss.ogg

Word: thoughts
IPA: θ ɔ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thoughts.ogg

Word: fleet
IPA: f l i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fleet.ogg

Word: comments
IPA: k ɑ m ɛ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comments.ogg

Word: Lisa
IPA: l i s ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Lisa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Lisa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Lisa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Lisa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Lisa.wav

Word: Philippines
IPA: f ɪ l ə p i n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Philippines.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Philippines.wav

Word: candle
IPA: k æ n d ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-candle.ogg

Word: or
IPA: o ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-or.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-or.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-or.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-or.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eus-or.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-or.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-or.ogg

Word: locale
IPA: l o ʊ k æ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-locale.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-locale.wav

Word: router
IPA: ɹ u t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-router.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-router.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-router.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-router.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-router.wav

Word: four
IPA: f ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-four.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-four.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-four.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-four.ogg

Word: schedule
IPA: s k ɛ d͡ʒ u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-schedule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-schedule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-schedule.ogg

Word: pixel
IPA: p ɪ k s ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pixel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pixel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-pixel.wav

Word: journal
IPA: d͡ʒ ɝ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-journal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-journal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-journal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_journal.ogg

Word: orange
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɪ̈ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-orange.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-orange.ogg

Word: Chicago
IPA: ʃ ɪ k ɑ ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Chicago.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Chicago.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-Chicago.wav

Word: prompt
IPA: p ɹ ɑ m p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prompt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-prompt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-prompt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-prompt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-prompt.ogg

Word: row
IPA: ɹ a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-row.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-row-fight.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-row_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: actor
IPA: æ k t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-actor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-actor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-actor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-actor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-actor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-actor.wav

Word: isle
IPA: a ɪ̯ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-isle.ogg

Word: hired
IPA: h a ɪ ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hired.ogg

Word: charter
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-charter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-charter.wav

Word: put
IPA: p ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_put.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-put.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-put.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-put.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-put.wav

Word: rain
IPA: ɹ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-rain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-rain.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/This_process_involves_cloud_seeding_–_when_various_substances_are_put_into_clouds_in_an_attempt_to_cause_rain.ogg

Word: mac
IPA: m æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mac.wav

Word: functional
IPA: f ʌ ŋ k t͡ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-functional.ogg

Word: acrylic
IPA: ə k ɹ ɪ l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-acrylic.wav

Word: professional
IPA: p ɹ ə f ɛ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-professional.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-professional.ogg

Word: teeth
IPA: t iː θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-teeth.ogg

Word: purpose
IPA: p ɝ p ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-purpose.ogg

Word: eggs
IPA: ɛ ɡ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eggs.ogg

Word: about
IPA: ə b a ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-about.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-about.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-about-real.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-about.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Well,_let’s_not_talk_about_yesterday.ogg

Word: Vatican
IPA: v æ t ɪ k ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Vatican.ogg

Word: origin
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-origin.ogg

Word: grammar
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grammar.ogg

Word: circles
IPA: s ɝ k l̩ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-circles.ogg

Word: printing (IPA: p ɹ ɪ n t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: trauma
IPA: t ɹ ɑ m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-trauma.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-trauma.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-trauma.wav

Word: afford
IPA: ə f o ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-afford.ogg

Word: evanescence
IPA: ɛ v ə n ɛ s ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-evanescence.wav

Word: terror
IPA: t ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-terror.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-terror.wav

Word: multiple
IPA: m l̩ t ɪ p l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-multiple.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-multiple.ogg

Word: beyond
IPA: b i j ɑ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-beyond.ogg

Word: contributing (IPA: k ə n t ɹ ɪ b j ə t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: med
IPA: m ɛː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-med.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-med.ogg

Word: employer
IPA: ɛ m p l ɔ ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-employer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-employer.ogg

Word: rental
IPA: ɹ ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rental.wav

Word: coach
IPA: k o ʊ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coach.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_coach.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-coach.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-coach.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-coach.wav

Word: results
IPA: ɹ ɪ z ʌ l t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-results.ogg

Word: catering
IPA: k e ɪ t ɚ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-catering.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-catering.ogg

Word: aluminium
IPA: æ l j u m ɪ n i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-aluminium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-aluminium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aluminium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-aluminium.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-aluminium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-de_l'aluminium-fr.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-aluminium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-aluminium.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-aluminium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-aluminium.wav

Word: rely
IPA: ɹ ɪ l a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rely.ogg

Word: forgotten
IPA: f ɚ ɡ ɑ t n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forgotten.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-forgotten.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-2-forgotten.ogg

Word: Romania
IPA: ɹ u m e ɪ n i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Romania.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Romania.wav

Word: ours
IPA: ɑ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ours.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ours.ogg

Word: fewer
IPA: f j uː ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fewer.ogg

Word: sap
IPA: s æ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-sap.wav

Word: petition
IPA: p ə t ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-petition.wav

Word: reasons
IPA: ɹ iː z ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reasons.ogg

Word: journalism
IPA: d͡ʒ ɚ n l̩ ɪ z ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-journalism.wav

Word: politics
IPA: p ɑ l ə t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-politics.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-politics.ogg

Word: in
IPA: ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-in.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/DE-in.OGG
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9063_(slv)-Zupanurska-in.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-in.wav

Word: harvest
IPA: h ɑ ɹ v ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-harvest.ogg

Word: particular
IPA: p ə t ɪ k j ə l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-particular.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Ajshul-particular.wav

Word: poet
IPA: p o ʊ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-poet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-poet.ogg

Word: rebound
IPA: ɹ iː b a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rebound.wav

Word: shirt
IPA: ʃ ɝ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-shirt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-shirt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-shirt.ogg

Word: record
IPA: ɹ ɪ k ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-record-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-record-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-record.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-record.ogg

Word: mentor
IPA: m ɛ n t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mentor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mentor.ogg

Word: matrix
IPA: m æ t ɹ ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-matrix.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-matrix.ogg

Word: sun
IPA: s ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-sun.wav

Word: arranged
IPA: ə ɹ e ɪ n d͡ʒ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arranged.ogg

Word: cos
IPA: k ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-cos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-cos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9192_(cmn)-Cookai1205-cos_(cosplay).wav

Word: forever
IPA: f ə ɹ ɛ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forever.ogg

Word: attendance
IPA: ə t ɛ n d ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-attendance.wav

Word: Hyundai (IPA: h i uː n d a ɪ) - No audio found

Word: bleeding
IPA: b l iː d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bleeding.ogg

Word: produce
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ d u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-produce-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-produce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-produce-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-produce-noun.ogg

Word: diagram
IPA: d a ɪ ə ɡ ɹ æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-diagram.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-diagram.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-diagram.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-diagram.wav

Word: destruction
IPA: d ɪ s t ɹ ʌ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-destruction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-destruction.ogg

Word: POST
IPA: p o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-post.ogg

Word: motel
IPA: m o ʊ t ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-motel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-motel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-motel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-motel.ogg

Word: Easter
IPA: i s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Easter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-easter.ogg

Word: pockets
IPA: p ɑ k ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pockets.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pockets.ogg

Word: issued
IPA: ɪ ʃ u d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-issued.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-issued.wav

Word: cliff
IPA: k l ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cliff.ogg

Word: soap
IPA: s o ʊ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-soap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-soap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-soap.ogg

Word: go
IPA: ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_go.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-go.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_go.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_have_to_go_now.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-go.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-go.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-go.ogg

Word: advisor
IPA: æ d v a ɪ z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-advisor.ogg

Word: valentine
IPA: v a l ə n t a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-valentine.wav

Word: bases
IPA: b e ɪ s iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bases.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bases2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bases.ogg

Word: life
IPA: l a ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-life.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-life.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-life.wav

Word: Marshall
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-marshall.ogg

Word: opt
IPA: ɑ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-opt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-opt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-opt.wav

Word: talks
IPA: t ɔ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-talks.wav

Word: registrar
IPA: ɹ ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ s t ɹ ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-registrar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-registrar.wav

Word: cent
IPA: s ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-cent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-cent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-cent.ogg

Word: thoroughly
IPA: θ ʌ ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thoroughly.ogg

Word: lucky
IPA: l ʌ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lucky.ogg

Word: undo
IPA: ʌ n d uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-undo.wav

Word: Sarah
IPA: s ɛ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Sarah.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Sarah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Sarah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Sarah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Sarah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Sarah.wav

Word: glory
IPA: ɡ l ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-glory.ogg

Word: clock
IPA: k l ɔ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-clock.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clock.ogg

Word: day
IPA: d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_day.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Day.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-day.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-day.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Zardabi_Bakuvi-day.wav

Word: Brand
IPA: b r æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-brand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Brand.ogg

Word: commercial
IPA: k ə m ɝ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commercial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-commercial.ogg

Word: off
IPA: ɔ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-off.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-off.ogg

Word: Murphy (IPA: m ɝ f i) - No audio found

Word: according
IPA: ə k ɔ ɹ d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-according.ogg

Word: shock
IPA: ʃ ɔ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shock.ogg

Word: harassment
IPA: h æ ɹ ə s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-harassment.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-harassment.wav

Word: Richardson (IPA: ɹ ɪ t͡ʃ ɚ d s ə n) - No audio found

Word: vegetables
IPA: v ɛ t͡ʃ t ə b ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-vegetables.ogg

Word: sans
IPA: s æ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-sans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sans.ogg

Word: Finnish
IPA: f ɪ n ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-finnish.ogg

Word: goes
IPA: ɡ o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-goes.ogg

Word: romance
IPA: ɹ o ʊ m æ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-romance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-romance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-romance.wav

Word: appropriate
IPA: ə p ɹ o ʊ p ɹ i e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appropriate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appropriate-verb.ogg

Word: post
IPA: p o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-post.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-post.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-post.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-post.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-post.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-post.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-post.ogg

Word: harry
IPA: h æ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-harry.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Harry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-harry.wav

Word: moderator
IPA: m ɒ d ə ɹ e ɪ t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-moderator.wav

Word: foot
IPA: f ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-foot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-foot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-foot.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-foot.ogg

Word: Passion
IPA: p æ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Passion.ogg

Word: your
IPA: j ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-your.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your_unstressed.ogg

Word: documentary
IPA: d ɑ k j ə m ɛ n t ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-documentary.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-documentary.wav

Word: paragraph
IPA: p æ ɹ ə ɡ ɹ æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-paragraph.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paragraph.ogg

Word: spotlight
IPA: s p ɑ t l a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-spotlight.wav

Word: Even (IPA: ə v ɛ n) - No audio found

Word: prize
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prize.ogg

Word: continent
IPA: k ɑ n t ɪ n ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-continent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-continent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-continent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-continent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-continent.wav

Word: tactics
IPA: t æ k t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-tactics.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-tactics.wav

Word: picks (IPA: p ɪ k s) - No audio found

Word: raw
IPA: ɹ ɔ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-raw.ogg

Word: CD
IPA: s iː d iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-CD.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-CD.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-cédé.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-CD.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-CD.wav

Word: myrtle
IPA: m ɝ t l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-myrtle.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-myrtle.wav

Word: attribute
IPA: æ t ɹ ɪ b j u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attribute-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attribute-verb.ogg

Word: completed
IPA: k ə m p l iː t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-completed.ogg

Word: grad
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-grad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q188_(deu)-Jeuwre-grad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-grad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-grad.ogg

Word: luck
IPA: l ʌ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-luck.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-luck.ogg

Word: comedy
IPA: k ɑ m ə d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-comedy.ogg

Word: artwork (IPA: ɑ ɹ t w ɝ k) - No audio found

Word: Matthew
IPA: m æ θ j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Matthew.wav

Word: unity
IPA: j u n ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unity.ogg

Word: likelihood
IPA: l a ɪ k l i h ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-likelihood.wav

Word: bent
IPA: b ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-bent.ogg

Word: whilst
IPA: w a ɪ l s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-whilst.wav

Word: gradually
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ d͡ʒ u ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gradually.ogg

Word: jewellery
IPA: d͡ʒ uː ə l ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-jewellery.wav

Word: part
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-part.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-part.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-part.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-part.ogg

Word: farming
IPA: f ɑ ɹ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-farming.ogg

Word: safe
IPA: s e ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-safe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-safe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-safe2.ogg

Word: investigation
IPA: ɪ n v ɛ s t ɪ ɡ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-investigation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-investigation.ogg

Word: experimental
IPA: ɪ k s p ɛ ɹ ə m ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-experimental.wav

Word: drops
IPA: d ɹ ɑ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drops.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-drops.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-drops.wav

Word: Holmes
IPA: h o ʊ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Holmes.ogg

Word: extras (IPA: ɛ k s t ɹ ə z) - No audio found

Word: pendant
IPA: p ɛ n d ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pendant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pendant.ogg

Word: shell
IPA: ʃ ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-shell.ogg

Word: l
IPA: ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Alveolar_lateral_approximant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:L_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-L.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fi-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9043_(nor)-Jon_Harald_Søby_(WMNO)-l.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pt-br-l.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_l_es_es.flac

Word: studio
IPA: s t u d i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-studio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-studio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-studio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-studio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-studio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-studio.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-studio.ogg

Word: engage
IPA: ɛ n ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-engage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-engage.wav

Word: exhibition
IPA: ɛ k s ɪ b ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exhibition.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-exhibition.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-exhibition.wav

Word: budgets
IPA: b ʌ d͡ʒ ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-budgets.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-budgets.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-budgets.wav

Word: approximate
IPA: ə p ɹ ɑ k s ɪ m ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-approximate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-approximate-verb.ogg

Word: nine
IPA: n a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-nine.wav

Word: glasses
IPA: ɡ l æ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-glasses.ogg

Word: alt
IPA: æ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/GenAm-alt-recording.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-alt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-alt2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-alt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-alt.wav

Word: crest
IPA: k ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-crest.wav

Word: divine
IPA: d ɪ v a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-divine.ogg

Word: Quebec
IPA: k w ə b ɛ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-Quebec.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Quebec.wav

Word: gifts
IPA: ɡ ɪ f t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gifts.ogg

Word: sic
IPA: s ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-sick.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sick.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-sic.wav

Word: pink
IPA: p ɪ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-pink.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pink.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-pink.ogg

Word: promotion
IPA: p ɹ ə m o ʊ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-promotion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-promotion.ogg

Word: why
IPA: w a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-why.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-why.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-why.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Why_do_you_have_a_map_of_the_world.ogg

Word: schools
IPA: s k uː l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-schools.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-schools.ogg

Word: loose
IPA: l uː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-loose.ogg

Word: airplane
IPA: ɛː p l e ɪ̯ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-airplane.ogg

Word: Lou
IPA: l uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Lou.wav

Word: reform
IPA: ɹ ə f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reform.ogg

Word: artists
IPA: ɑ ɹ t ɪ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-artists.ogg

Word: commerce
IPA: k ə m ɝ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-commerce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-commerce.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commerce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-commerce.ogg

Word: external
IPA: ɪ k s t ɝ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-external.ogg

Word: Victorian
IPA: v ɪ k t ɔ ɹ i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Victorian.wav

Word: enjoyed
IPA: ə n d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enjoyed.ogg

Word: power
IPA: p a ʊ̯ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-power.ogg

Word: corrections
IPA: k ə ɹ ɛ k ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-corrections.wav

Word: Michigan
IPA: m ɪ ʃ ə ɡ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Michigan-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Michigan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-Michigan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Michigan.ogg

Word: lasting
IPA: l æ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lasting.wav

Word: compact
IPA: k ɑ m p æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compact_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compact_(adjective).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compact_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-compact.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-compact.wav

Word: mysterious
IPA: m ɪ s t ɪ ɹ i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mysterious.ogg

Word: testimony
IPA: t ɛ s t ɪ m o ʊ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-testimony.ogg

Word: pharmacy
IPA: f ɑ ɹ m ə s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-pharmacy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pharmacy.ogg

Word: animals
IPA: æ n ɪ m ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-animals.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-animals.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-animals.wav

Word: although
IPA: ɔ l ð o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-although.ogg

Word: coffee
IPA: k ɔ f i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-coffee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coffee.ogg

Word: Guinea
IPA: ɡ ɪ n iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Guinea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Guinea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Guinea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Guinea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Guinea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Guinea.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Guinea.wav

Word: dried
IPA: d ɹ a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dried.ogg

Word: suited (IPA: s u t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: himself
IPA: h ɪ m s ɛ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-himself.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-himself.ogg

Word: bang
IPA: b e ɪ ŋ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-bang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-bang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Ainali-bang.wav

Word: Jones
IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Jones.wav

Word: Venezuela
IPA: v ɛ n ə z w e ɪ l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Venezuela.wav

Word: today
IPA: t ə d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-today.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-today.ogg

Word: herein
IPA: h ɪ ɹ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-herein.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-herein.ogg

Word: assumed
IPA: ə s uː m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assumed.ogg

Word: burke
IPA: b ɜː ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-burke.ogg

Word: Jack
IPA: d͡ʒ æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Jack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Jack.wav

Word: tissue
IPA: t ɪ ʃ j u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-tissue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tissue.ogg

Word: deadline
IPA: d ɛ d l a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-deadline.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-deadline.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-deadline.wav

Word: lie
IPA: l a ɪ̯
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lie.ogg

Word: victims
IPA: v ɪ k t ɪ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-victims.ogg

Word: deaths (IPA: d ɛ θ s) - No audio found

Word: inspiration
IPA: ɪ n s p ɚ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inspiration.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-inspiration.wav

Word: Pamela
IPA: p æ m ə l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Pamela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Pamela.ogg

Word: somebody
IPA: s ʌ m b ʌ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-somebody.ogg

Word: characteristic
IPA: k ɛ ɹ ə k t ə ɹ ɪ s t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-characteristic.ogg

Word: algebra
IPA: æ l d͡ʒ ə b ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-algebra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-algebra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-algebra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-algebra.ogg

Word: immigration
IPA: ɪ m ɪ ɡ ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-immigration.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-immigration.wav

Word: Australia
IPA: ɔ s t ɹ e ɪ l j ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Australia.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Australia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/fi-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Australia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Australia.wav

Word: child
IPA: t͡ʃ a ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-child.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-child.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-child.ogg

Word: farmers
IPA: f ɑ ɹ m ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-farmers.wav

Word: Drew (IPA: d ɹ uː) - No audio found

Word: Brazilian
IPA: b ɹ ə z ɪ l ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Brazilian_US.ogg

Word: spend
IPA: s p ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spend.ogg

Word: Manor (IPA: m ə n ɔ ɹ) - No audio found

Word: Robin
IPA: ɹ ɑ b ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Robin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Robin.ogg

Word: Pierre
IPA: p ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-peer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Amqui-Mont-Saint-Pierre.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Pierre.wav

Word: amber
IPA: æ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-amber.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-amber.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-amber.ogg

Word: Thompson (IPA: t ɑ m s ə n) - No audio found

Word: episode
IPA: ɛ p ə s o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-episode.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-episode.ogg

Word: freeze
IPA: f ɹ iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-freeze.ogg

Word: macro
IPA: m æ k ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-macro.wav

Word: ancient
IPA: e ɪ n ʃ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ancient.ogg

Word: performance
IPA: p ə ɹ f ɔ ɹ m ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-performance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-VictorDtmtc-performance.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-performance.wav

Word: anyone
IPA: ɛ n i w ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anyone.ogg

Word: Henderson (IPA: h ɛ n d ɚ s ə n) - No audio found

Word: Slovakia
IPA: s l o ʊ v æ k i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Slovakia.ogg

Word: Media
IPA: m iː d ɪ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Media.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Media.ogg

Word: extra
IPA: ɛ k s t ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-extra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-extra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-extra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-extra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-extra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-extra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-extra.ogg

Word: Dubai
IPA: d ʊ b a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dubai.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q5146_(por)-MedK1-Dubai.wav

Word: begins
IPA: b ɪ ɡ ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-begins.ogg

Word: narrow
IPA: n ɛ ə ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-narrow.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-narrow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-narrow.ogg

Word: anger
IPA: æ ŋ ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anger.ogg

Word: weight
IPA: w e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-weight.ogg

Word: aware
IPA: ə w ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aware.ogg

Word: counter
IPA: k a ʊ n t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-counter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-counter.ogg

Word: Tuesday
IPA: t j u z d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Tuesday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Tuesday.ogg

Word: affect
IPA: æ f ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-affect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-affect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-affect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-affect.wav

Word: elsewhere
IPA: ɛ l s w ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-elsewhere.ogg

Word: extension
IPA: ɛ k s t ɛ n ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-extension.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-extension.wav

Word: confident
IPA: k ɑ n f ɪ d ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-confident.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-confident.wav

Word: sam
IPA: s æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-sam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/pl-sam.ogg

Word: style
IPA: s t a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-style.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-style.ogg

Word: terrorism
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ə ɹ ɪ z ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-terrorism.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-terrorism.ogg

Word: boots
IPA: b uː t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boots.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-boots.ogg

Word: clearance
IPA: k l ɪ ɹ ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-clearance.wav

Word: Berkeley (IPA: b ɝ k l i) - No audio found

Word: former
IPA: f ɔ ɹ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-former.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-former.ogg

Word: sons
IPA: s ʌ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sons.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-sons.wav

Word: prohibited
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ h ɪ b ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prohibited.ogg

Word: voluntary
IPA: v ɑ l ə n t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-voluntary.ogg

Word: pad
IPA: p æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-pad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pad.wav

Word: paying
IPA: p e ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paying.ogg

Word: regional
IPA: ɹ iː d͡ʒ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-regional.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-regional.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-regional.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-regional.wav

Word: yea
IPA: j æ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yeah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yeah-interjection.ogg

Word: summary
IPA: s ʌ m ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-summary.ogg

Word: donate
IPA: d o ʊ n e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-donate.ogg

Word: Hi
IPA: h a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-hi.ogg

Word: stay
IPA: s t e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stay.ogg

Word: next
IPA: n ɛ k s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-next.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-next.wav

Word: authority
IPA: ə θ ɑ ɹ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-authority.ogg

Word: eat
IPA: i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_eat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-eat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_eat_in_the_kitchen.ogg

Word: Auburn
IPA: ɔː b ə ɹ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Auburn.ogg

Word: kissing
IPA: k ɪ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kissing.ogg

Word: palace
IPA: p æ l ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-palace.ogg

Word: institute
IPA: ɪ n s t ɪ t j uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-institute.ogg

Word: euro
IPA: j ʊ ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-euro.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Gl-Euro.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-euro.ogg

Word: imagine
IPA: ɪ m æ d͡ʒ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-imagine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-imagine.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-imagine.wav

Word: instrument
IPA: ɪ n s t ɹ ʊ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-instrument.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-instrument.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-instrument.ogg

Word: aquatic
IPA: ə k w ɑ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aquatic.ogg

Word: myself
IPA: m a ɪ s ɛ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-myself.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-myself.ogg

Word: shoes
IPA: ʃ uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shoes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-shoes.ogg

Word: lounge
IPA: l a ʊ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lounge.wav

Word: lean
IPA: l iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lean.ogg

Word: associations
IPA: ə s o ʊ ʃ i e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associations.ogg

Word: lens
IPA: l ɛ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lens.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-lens.wav

Word: remix
IPA: ɹ i m ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-remix2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-remix.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-remix.wav

Word: put
IPA: p ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_put.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-put.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-put.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-put.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-put.wav

Word: LAN
IPA: l æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-LAN.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-LAN_(spelled-out).oga

Word: police
IPA: p ə l iː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-police.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-police.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-police.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-police.ogg

Word: historical
IPA: h ɪ s t ɔ ɹ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-historical.ogg

Word: formula
IPA: f ɔ ɹ m j ə l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-formula.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-formula.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-formula.wav

Word: activities
IPA: æ k t ɪ v ə t i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-activities.ogg

Word: articles
IPA: ɑ ɹ t ɪ k ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-articles.ogg

Word: screw
IPA: s k ɹ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-screw.ogg

Word: Porsche
IPA: p ɔ ɹ ʃ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Porsche.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Porsche.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Porsche.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Porsche2.ogg

Word: compile
IPA: k ə m p a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compile.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-compile.wav

Word: Bell (IPA: b ɛ l) - No audio found

Word: rate
IPA: ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-rate.ogg

Word: streams
IPA: s t ɹ iː m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-streams.ogg

Word: detected (IPA: d ɪ t ɛ k t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: row
IPA: ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-row.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-row-fight.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-row_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: apparatus
IPA: æ p ə ɹ ɑː t ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-apparatus.ogg

Word: considered
IPA: k ə n s ɪ d ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-considered.ogg

Word: char
IPA: k ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-char.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-ĉar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-char.ogg

Word: brooks (IPA: b ɹ ʊ k s) - No audio found

Word: presents (IPA: p ɹ ɛ z ə n t s) - No audio found

Word: key
IPA: k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-key.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-key.ogg

Word: diff
IPA: d ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-diff.ogg

Word: Madison (IPA: m æ d ɪ s ə n) - No audio found

Word: nova
IPA: n o ʊ v ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-nova.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-nova.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-nova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-nova.wav

Word: decor
IPA: d e ɪ k o ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-decor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-decor.ogg

Word: valve
IPA: v æ l v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-valve.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-valve.ogg

Word: missile
IPA: m ɪ s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-missile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-missile2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-missile.wav

Word: age
IPA: e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-age.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-age.wav

Word: sports
IPA: s p ɔ ɹ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sports.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sports.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-sports.wav

Word: wilderness
IPA: w ɪ l d ɚ n ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-wilderness.ogg

Word: assets
IPA: æ s ɛ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-assets.wav

Word: tire
IPA: t a ɪ̯ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tyre.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-tire.wav

Word: symposium
IPA: s ɪ m p o ʊ z i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-symposium.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-symposium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-symposium.wav

Word: warriors
IPA: w ɔ ɹ j ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-warriors.ogg

Word: television
IPA: t ɛ l ə v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-television.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-television.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-television.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-television.ogg

Word: pretty
IPA: p ɝ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pretty.ogg

Word: Charles
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Charles.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Charles.wav

Word: acquired
IPA: ə k w a ɪ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acquired.ogg

Word: puppy
IPA: p ʌ p i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-puppy.ogg

Word: pointed
IPA: p ɔ ɪ n t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pointed.ogg

Word: unable
IPA: ʌ n e ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unable.ogg

Word: skill
IPA: s k ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-skill.ogg

Word: fairly
IPA: f ɛ ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fairly.ogg

Word: essentially
IPA: ɪ s ɛ n ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-essentially.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-essentially.wav

Word: Montana
IPA: m ɑ n t æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Montana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Montana.wav

Word: gender
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gender.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gender.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gender.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-gender.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-gender.wav

Word: educational
IPA: ɛ d͡ʒ ə k e ɪ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-educational.ogg

Word: fuel
IPA: f j ʊ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-fuel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-fuel.wav

Word: interview
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ v j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-interview.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-interview.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-interview.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-interview.wav

Word: Mrs
IPA: m ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Mrs.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Mrs.ogg

Word: Amazon
IPA: æ m ə z ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Amazon.ogg

Word: Lebanon
IPA: l ɛ b ə n ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-US-Lebanon.ogg

Word: computation
IPA: k ɒ m p j ʊ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-computation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Jjamesryan-computation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-computation.wav

Word: finally
IPA: f a ɪ n ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-finally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-finally.ogg

Word: donations
IPA: d o ʊ n e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-donations.ogg

Word: vast
IPA: v æ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-vast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-vast.wav

Word: Blake
IPA: b l e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Blake.wav

Word: Budapest
IPA: b uː d ə p ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Budapest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Budapest.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Budapest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-Budapest.ogg

Word: adverse
IPA: ə d v ɜ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-adverse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Mecanautes-adverse.wav

Word: ma
IPA: m ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ma.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-ma.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ma.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ma.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-ma.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-ma.wav

Word: unemployment
IPA: ʌ n ɪ m p l ɔ ɪ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-unemployment.wav

Word: sie
IPA: s iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sie.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-sie.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-sie2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ist_sie_noch_krank..ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Das_ist_meine_Katze._Sie_heißt_Lili..ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ich_suche_Vanessa._Hast_du_sie_gesehen..ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Scheint_die_Sonne_noch._Nein,_sie_ist_schon_untergegangen..ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ich_suche_meine_Brieftasche._Hast_du_sie_gesehen..ogg

Word: their
IPA: ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-their.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-their.ogg

Word: watched
IPA: w ɑ t͡ʃ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-watched.ogg

Word: leaders
IPA: l i d ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-leaders.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-leaders.wav

Word: bailey
IPA: b e ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bailey.ogg

Word: rather
IPA: ɹ æ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rather.ogg

Word: combined
IPA: k ə m b a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-combined.ogg

Word: graduate
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ d͡ʒ u ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-graduate_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-graduate_(verb).wav

Word: rim
IPA: ɹ ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rim.ogg

Word: LOL
IPA: ɛ l o ʊ ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LOL.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LOL2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LOL3.wav

Word: merchants
IPA: m ɝ t͡ʃ ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-merchants.ogg

Word: faced
IPA: f e ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-faced.ogg

Word: salt
IPA: s ɑ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-salt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-salt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-salt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-salt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Is-salt.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-salt.ogg

Word: rays
IPA: ɹ e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-raise.ogg

Word: Donald
IPA: d ɑ n ə l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Donald.wav

Word: youth
IPA: j u θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-youth.ogg

Word: nut
IPA: n ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-nut.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-nut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-nut.wav

Word: specifically
IPA: s p ɪ s ɪ f ɪ k l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-specifically.ogg

Word: weird
IPA: w i ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-weird.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-weird.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-weird.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-weird.wav

Word: examination
IPA: ɪ ɡ z æ m ɪ n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-examination.ogg

Word: happiness
IPA: h æ p i n ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-happiness.ogg

Word: advantage
IPA: ə d v æ n t ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-advantage.ogg

Word: Travis (IPA: t ɹ æ v ɪ s) - No audio found

Word: harris
IPA: h æ ɹ ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-harris.ogg

Word: module
IPA: m ɑ d͡ʒ u l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-module.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-module.wav

Word: indoor
IPA: ɪ n d ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-indoor.wav

Word: retrieval
IPA: ɹ ɪ t ɹ iː v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-retrieval.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-retrieval.wav

Word: criminal
IPA: k ɹ ɪ m ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-criminal.ogg

Word: Ms
IPA: m ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Ms.wav

Word: Smith
IPA: s m ɪ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Smith.opus

Word: incident
IPA: ɪ n s ɪ d ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-incident.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-incident.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-incident.ogg

Word: Dover (IPA: d o ʊ v ɚ) - No audio found

Word: Western
IPA: w ɛ s t ə ɹ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-western.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Western.ogg

Word: consistency
IPA: k ə n s ɪ s t ə n s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consistency.ogg

Word: days
IPA: d e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-days.ogg

Word: ISO
IPA: a ɪ ɛ s o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-iso.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-ISO-letters.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-iso.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-iso-letters.ogg

Word: vegetables
IPA: v ɛ d͡ʒ t ə b ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-vegetables.ogg

Word: interest
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-interest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-interest.ogg

Word: gnome
IPA: n o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gnome.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Penegal-gnome.wav

Word: childhood
IPA: t͡ʃ a ɪ l d h ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-childhood.ogg

Word: interstate
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ s t e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_interstate.ogg

Word: acceptable
IPA: ə k s ɛ p t ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acceptable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-acceptable.ogg

Word: catholic
IPA: k æ θ ə l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Catholic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-catholic.wav

Word: nil
IPA: n ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nil.wav

Word: donna
IPA: d ɑ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Donna.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-donna.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-donna.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/it-donna.ogg

Word: experiment
IPA: ɪ k s p ɛ ɹ ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-experiment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/South_Korean_officials_announced_last_month_that_an_experiment_to_create_artificial_rain_did_not_provide_the_desired_results.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-experiment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-experiment.ogg

Word: backed
IPA: b æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-backed.ogg

Word: surplus
IPA: s ɝ p l ʌ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-surplus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-surplus.ogg

Word: bibliography
IPA: b ɪ b l i ɒ ɡ ɹ ə f i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bibliography.wav

Word: government
IPA: ɡ ə v ɚ n m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-government.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-government.ogg

Word: exclusive
IPA: ɪ k s k l u z ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-exclusive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-exclusive.wav

Word: delight
IPA: d ə l a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-delight.ogg

Word: genetic
IPA: d͡ʒ ə n ɛ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-genetic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-genetic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-genetic.wav

Word: Mars
IPA: m ɑ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Mars2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-Mars.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Mars.wav

Word: serial
IPA: s ɪ ɚ i ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-serial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-serial.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-serial.wav

Word: striking
IPA: s t ɹ a ɪ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-striking.ogg

Word: worker
IPA: w ɝ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-worker.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-worker.ogg

Word: information
IPA: ɪ n f ɚ m e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-information.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-information.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-information.ogg

Word: explorer
IPA: ɛ k s p l ɔː ɹ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-explorer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-explorer.ogg

Word: art
IPA: ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-art.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-art.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-art.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-art.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-art.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-art.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-art.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-art.ogg

Word: assure
IPA: ə ʃ ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-assure.wav

Word: emotional
IPA: ɪ m o ʊ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-emotional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-emotional.ogg

Word: validation
IPA: v æ l ə d e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-validation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Qwertygiy-validation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-validation.wav

Word: surely
IPA: ʃ ɔ ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surely.ogg

Word: Simon
IPA: s a ɪ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Simon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Simon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Simon.wav

Word: outlook
IPA: a ʊ t l ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-outlook.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-outlook.oga

Word: ion
IPA: a ɪ o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-ion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-ion.wav

Word: innovative
IPA: ɪ n ə v e ɪ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-innovative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-innovative.ogg

Word: focal
IPA: f o ʊ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-focal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-focal.wav

Word: crash
IPA: k ɹ æ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-crash.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-crash.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-crash.wav

Word: luxury
IPA: l ʌ k ʃ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-luxury.ogg

Word: ave
IPA: e ɪ v i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ave.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-ave.wav

Word: texture
IPA: t ɛ k ʃ t͡ʃ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-texture.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-texture.wav

Word: attend
IPA: ə t ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-attend.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-attend.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-attend.wav

Word: runs
IPA: ɹ ʌ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-runs.ogg

Word: bingo
IPA: b ɪ ŋ ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-bingo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bingo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-bingo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bingo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-bingo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-bingo.wav

Word: launch
IPA: l ɔ n t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-launch.ogg

Word: middle
IPA: m ɪ d ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-middle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-middle.ogg

Word: ago
IPA: ə ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ago.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-ago.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-ago.wav

Word: heart
IPA: h ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-heart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-heart.ogg

Word: Word (IPA: w ɝ d) - No audio found

Word: thumbnail
IPA: θ ʌ m n e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-thumbnail.wav

Word: federal
IPA: f ɛ d ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-federal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-federal.wav

Word: wear
IPA: w ɛ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wear.ogg

Word: genome
IPA: d͡ʒ ɨ n o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-genome.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-genome.wav

Word: freight
IPA: f ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-freight.ogg

Word: roots
IPA: ɹ uː t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roots.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-roots.ogg

Word: palm
IPA: p ɔ l m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-palm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-palm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-palm.ogg

Word: rally
IPA: ɹ æ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-rally.wav

Word: Luke
IPA: l ɪ u̯ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Luke.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Luke.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Luke2.ogg

Word: browsers
IPA: b ɹ a ʊ z ə ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-browsers.ogg

Word: uni
IPA: uː n iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-uni.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-uni.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-uni.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-uni.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-uni.wav

Word: acquire
IPA: ə k w a ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acquire.ogg

Word: lift
IPA: l ɪ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lift.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-lift.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lift.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-lift.wav

Word: programming
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ ɡ ɹ æ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-programming.wav

Word: mandate
IPA: m æ n d e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mandate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mandate1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mandate2.wav

Word: poly
IPA: p ɒ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poly_(short).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poly_(plant).wav

Word: heating
IPA: h iː t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heating.ogg

Word: steel
IPA: s t iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-steel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-steel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-steel.ogg

Word: October
IPA: ɑ k t o ʊ b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-October.ogg

Word: necessary
IPA: n ɛ s ə s ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-necessary.ogg

Word: mileage
IPA: m a ɪ l ə d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mileage.wav

Word: Miami
IPA: m a ɪ æ m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Miami.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-Miami.wav

Word: ChIP (IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ p) - No audio found

Word: dollars
IPA: d ɑ l ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dollars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dollars.ogg

Word: cassette
IPA: k ə s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cassette.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cassette.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cassette.ogg

Word: distant
IPA: d ɪ s t ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-distant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-distant.wav

Word: representation
IPA: ɹ iː p ɹ ə z ɛ n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-representation.ogg

Word: kiss
IPA: k ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kiss.ogg

Word: feels
IPA: f iː l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-feels.ogg

Word: online
IPA: ɔ n l a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-online.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-online.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-online.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-online.wav

Word: walks
IPA: w ɔ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-walks.ogg

Word: spatial
IPA: s p e ɪ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spatial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-VictorDtmtc-spatial.wav

Word: Chorus (IPA: k ɔ ɹ ə s) - No audio found

Word: track
IPA: t ɹ æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-track.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-track.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-track.wav

Word: highland
IPA: h a ɪ l ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-highland.wav

Word: engine
IPA: ɛ n d͡ʒ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-engine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-engine.wav

Word: wax
IPA: w æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wax.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-wax.ogg

Word: Carmen
IPA: k ɑː ɹ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Carmen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Mecanautes-Carmen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Carmen.wav

Word: princess
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-princess.ogg

Word: cove
IPA: k o ʊ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_cove.ogg

Word: nature
IPA: n e ɪ̯ t ʃ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nature.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-nature.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-nature.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-nature.ogg

Word: Robinson
IPA: ɹ ɑ b ə n s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-Robinson.wav

Word: injured
IPA: ɪ n d͡ʒ ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-injured.ogg

Word: continually
IPA: k ə n t ɪ n j u ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-continually.ogg

Word: feel
IPA: f iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-feel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-feel.wav

Word: related
IPA: ɹ ɪ l e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-related.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/WIPO_reported_that_China_had_17_of_the_top_20_academic_organizations_filing_for_AI-related_patents.ogg

Word: Margaret
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ɡ ə ɹ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Margaret.wav

Word: pursue
IPA: p ɚ s u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pursue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-pursue.wav

Word: jordan
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɹ d n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Jordan.ogg

Word: fit
IPA: f ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Az-az-fit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-fit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-fit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fit.ogg

Word: easier
IPA: i z i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-easier.ogg

Word: beginner
IPA: b ə ɡ ɪ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-beginner.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-beginner.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-beginner.ogg

Word: membrane
IPA: m ɛ m b ɹ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-membrane.ogg

Word: correspondence
IPA: k ɔ ɹ ə s p ɑ n d ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-correspondence.ogg

Word: eh
IPA: ɛ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-eh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_eh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eh-sound.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-eh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-eh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-eh.ogg

Word: optimum
IPA: ɑ p t ɪ m ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-optimum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-optimum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-optimum.wav

Word: governing
IPA: ɡ ʌ v ɚ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-governing.ogg

Word: NATO
IPA: n e ɪ t o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-NATO.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-NATO.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-NATO.ogg

Word: automatically
IPA: ɑː t ə m æ t ɪ k ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-automatically.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Qwertygiy-automatically.wav

Word: affiliate
IPA: ə f ɪ l i ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-affiliate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-affiliate-verb.ogg

Word: thousand
IPA: θ a ʊ z ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-thousand_(NATO).oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-thousand.ogg

Word: elegant
IPA: ɛ l ə ɡ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elegant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-elegant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-elegant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-elegant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-elegant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-elegant.ogg

Word: Hawaiian
IPA: h ə w a ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Hawaiian.wav

Word: capable
IPA: k e ɪ p ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-capable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-capable.ogg

Word: per
IPA: p ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-per.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-per.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-per.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-per.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-per.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-per.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-per.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-per.ogg

Word: mentioned
IPA: m ɛ n ʃ ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mentioned.ogg

Word: chose
IPA: t͡ʃ o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-chose.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-chose.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-chose.ogg

Word: Dutch
IPA: d ʌ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Dutch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Dutch.ogg

Word: especially
IPA: ɛ s p ɛ ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-especially.ogg

Word: object
IPA: ɑ b d͡ʒ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-object-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-object-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-object.ogg

Word: role
IPA: ɹ o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-role.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-role.ogg

Word: consult
IPA: k ə n s ʌ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consult-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consult-verb.ogg

Word: geology
IPA: d͡ʒ i ɑ l ə d ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-geology.ogg

Word: sleeping
IPA: s l iː p ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sleeping.ogg

Word: Warren (IPA: w ɔ ɹ ə n) - No audio found

Word: platform
IPA: p l æ t f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-platform.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-platform.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-platform.ogg

Word: Shanghai
IPA: ʃ ɑ ŋ h a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Shanghai.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Shanghai2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shanghai.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-shanghai.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Shanghai.ogg

Word: Prague
IPA: p ɹ ɑː ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Prague.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Prague.wav

Word: appreciate
IPA: ə p ɹ iː s i e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appreciate.ogg

Word: Gordon
IPA: ɡ ɔ r d n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Gordon.wav

Word: Mastercard
IPA: m ɑː s t ə ɹ k ɑː ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Mastercard.oga

Word: arrivals (IPA: ə ɹ a ɪ v ə l z) - No audio found

Word: Francisco (IPA: f ɹ æ n s ɪ s k ə ʊ) - No audio found

Word: glen
IPA: ɡ l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-glen.ogg

Word: visitors
IPA: v ɪ z ɪ t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-visitors.ogg

Word: stamps (IPA: s t æ m p s) - No audio found

Word: billing (IPA: b ɪ l ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: pointing
IPA: p ɔ ɪ n t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pointing.ogg

Word: indie
IPA: ɪ n d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-indie.ogg

Word: with
IPA: w ɪ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-with.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-with.ogg

Word: crisis
IPA: k ɹ a ɪ s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-crisis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-crisis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-crisis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-crisis-Ar-Rosario.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-crisis.ogg

Word: crossing
IPA: k ɹ ɔ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-crossing.ogg

Word: chile
IPA: t͡ʃ a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-JutishMale-chile.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chile.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-chile.wav

Word: local
IPA: l o ʊ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-local.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-local.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-local.wav

Word: ecological (IPA: iː k ə l ɒ d͡ʒ ɪ k l̩) - No audio found

Word: boom
IPA: b u m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-boom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-boom.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-boom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-boom.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-boom.wav

Word: thermal
IPA: θ ɝ m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-thermal.wav

Word: methodology
IPA: m ɛ θ ɪ d ɑ l ɪ d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-methodology.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-methodology.wav

Word: Monday
IPA: m ʌ n d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Monday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Monday.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Monday.wav

Word: mind
IPA: m a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-mind.ogg

Word: tile
IPA: t a ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tile.wav

Word: play
IPA: p l e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-play.ogg

Word: green
IPA: ɡ ɹ i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-green.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-green.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-green.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-green.ogg

Word: annex
IPA: æ n ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-annex.ogg

Word: Oh (IPA: o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: push
IPA: p ʊ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-push.ogg

Word: mileage
IPA: m a ɪ l ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mileage.wav

Word: Frank
IPA: f ɹ æ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Frank.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Frank.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Frank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Frank.wav

Word: gear
IPA: ɡ ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-gear.ogg

Word: spots
IPA: s p ɑ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spots.ogg

Word: molecular
IPA: m ə l ɛ k j ə l ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-molecular.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-molecular.wav

Word: curriculum
IPA: k ə ɹ ɪ k j ə l ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-curriculum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-curriculum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-curriculum.wav

Word: lb
IPA: p a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lb.ogg

Word: acne
IPA: æ k n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acne.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-acne.ogg

Word: differently
IPA: d ɪ f ə ɹ ə n t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-differently.ogg

Word: congress
IPA: k ə ŋ ɡ ɹ ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-congress.ogg

Word: plays
IPA: p l e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plays.ogg

Word: legs
IPA: l ɛ ɡ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-legs.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-legs.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-legs.wav

Word: excellent
IPA: ɛ k s ə l ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excellent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-excellent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-excellent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-excellent.wav

Word: unlikely
IPA: ʌ n l a ɪ k l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unlikely.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-unlikely.ogg

Word: auto
IPA: ɔ t o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-auto.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-auto.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-auto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-auto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-auto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-auto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-auto.wav

Word: gig
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-gig.ogg

Word: eliminate
IPA: ɪ l ɪ m ɪ n e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-eliminate.ogg

Word: pin
IPA: p ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-pin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pin.wav

Word: suggest
IPA: s ə ɡ d͡ʒ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-suggest.ogg

Word: reasonably
IPA: ɹ iː z n ə b l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reasonably.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-reasonably.wav

Word: move
IPA: m uː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-move.ogg

Word: any
IPA: ɛ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-any.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-any.wav

Word: recipe
IPA: ɹ ɛ s ɪ p i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-recipe.ogg

Word: originally
IPA: ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ n ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-originally.ogg

Word: routing
IPA: ɹ a ʊ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-routing_(oo).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-routing_(au).wav

Word: Qatar
IPA: k ə t ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Qatar.wav

Word: mod
IPA: m ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-mod.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-mod.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-mod.ogg

Word: cake
IPA: k e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Penegal-cake.wav

Word: surprised
IPA: s ə p ɹ a ɪ z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surprised.ogg

Word: usually
IPA: j uː ʒ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-usually.ogg

Word: wines
IPA: w a ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wines.ogg

Word: Hopkins (IPA: h ɑ p k ɪ n z) - No audio found

Word: operations
IPA: ɑ p ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-operations.ogg

Word: fits
IPA: f ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fits.ogg

Word: parameter
IPA: p ə ɹ æ m ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-parameter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-parameter.ogg

Word: minor
IPA: m a ɪ n ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minor.ogg

Word: professor
IPA: p ɹ ə f ɛ s ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-professor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-professor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-professor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-professor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-professor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-professor.ogg

Word: interest
IPA: ɪ n t ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-interest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-interest.ogg

Word: remarks
IPA: ɹ ɪ m ɑ ɹ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remarks.ogg

Word: whenever
IPA: w ə n ɛ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-whenever.ogg

Word: regulatory
IPA: ɹ ɛ ɡ j ə l ə t o ʊ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-regulatory.wav

Word: unless
IPA: ʌ n l ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unless.ogg

Word: Boolean
IPA: b u l i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Boolean.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Boolean.ogg

Word: nano
IPA: n æ n ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-nano.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-nano.wav

Word: cartoon
IPA: k ɑ ɹ t uː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cartoon.ogg

Word: transformation
IPA: t ɹ æ n s f ɔ ɹ m e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-transformation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-transformation.ogg

Word: defined
IPA: d ɪ f a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-defined.ogg

Word: inn
IPA: ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nb-inn-.ogg

Word: cluster
IPA: k l ʌ s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cluster.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cluster.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-cluster.wav

Word: suffer
IPA: s ʌ f ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-suffer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-suffer.ogg

Word: con
IPA: k ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-khan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-con.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-con.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-con.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-con.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-con.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-con.wav

Word: layers
IPA: l e ɪ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-layers.ogg

Word: Portuguese
IPA: p ɔ ɹ t͡ʃ ə ɡ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Portuguese.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Portuguese.ogg

Word: cordless (IPA: k ɔ ɹ d l ɪ s) - No audio found

Word: Viking
IPA: v a ɪ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Viking.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Viking.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Viking.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-BE-BW--un_Viking.ogg

Word: Absolute
IPA: æ b s ə l u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Absolute.ogg

Word: gauge
IPA: ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gauge.ogg

Word: breeds (IPA: b ɹ iː d z) - No audio found

Word: bus
IPA: b ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-Buss.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-bus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-bus.ogg

Word: statements
IPA: s t e ɪ t m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-statements.ogg

Word: customize
IPA: k ʌ s t ə m a ɪ̯ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-customize.wav

Word: pregnant
IPA: p ɹ ɛ ɡ n ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pregnant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pregnant.ogg

Word: pork
IPA: p o ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pork.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-pork.ogg

Word: temperature
IPA: t ɛ m p ɹ ə t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-temperature.ogg

Word: floating
IPA: f l o ʊ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-floating.wav

Word: work
IPA: w ɵː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-work.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-work.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-work.ogg

Word: democratic
IPA: d ɛ m ə k ɹ æ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-democratic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-democratic.wav

Word: reporter
IPA: ɹ ɪ p ɔ ɹ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reporter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-reporter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-reporter.wav

Word: separately
IPA: s ɛ p ə ɹ ə t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separately.ogg

Word: bottom
IPA: b ɑ t ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bottom.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bottom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-bottom.wav

Word: perhaps
IPA: p ɚ h æ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-perhaps.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-perhaps.ogg

Word: mar
IPA: m ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-mar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-mar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-mar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-mar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-mar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wo-mar.ogg

Word: pray
IPA: p ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pray.ogg

Word: discussing
IPA: d ɪ s k ʌ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discussing.ogg

Word: Montreal
IPA: m ɑ n t ɹ i ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Montreal-English-pronunciation.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Montreal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Montreal.ogg

Word: Kenny (IPA: k ɛ n i) - No audio found

Word: blue
IPA: b l uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-blue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_blue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-blue.wav

Word: defend
IPA: d ɪ f ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-defend.ogg

Word: omega
IPA: o ʊ m e ɪ ɡ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-omega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-omega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-omega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-omega.wav

Word: noon
IPA: n uː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-noon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-noon.ogg

Word: surname
IPA: s ɝ n e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-surname.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-surname.ogg

Word: less
IPA: l ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-less.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-less.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-less.wav

Word: anyone
IPA: æ n i w ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anyone.ogg

Word: ideal
IPA: a ɪ d ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ideal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ideal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-ideal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ideal.ogg

Word: little
IPA: l ɪ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-little.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-little.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-nz-little.ogg

Word: balloon
IPA: b ə l u n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-balloon.ogg

Word: kind
IPA: k a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-kind.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-kind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-kind.ogg

Word: Norfolk
IPA: n ɔː ɹ f ə k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Norfolk.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Norfolk.ogg

Word: Qatar
IPA: k ɑ t ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Qatar.wav

Word: Emacs
IPA: iː m æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-emacs.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Emacs.oga

Word: avoid
IPA: ə v ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-avoid.ogg

Word: Daisy (IPA: d e ɪ z i) - No audio found

Word: globe
IPA: ɡ l o ʊ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_globe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-globe.ogg

Word: Lord
IPA: l ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Lord.ogg

Word: Washington
IPA: w ɔ ʃ ɪ ŋ t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Washington.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Washington.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Washington.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--Washington.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Washington.ogg

Word: knife
IPA: n a ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_knife.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-knife.ogg

Word: almost
IPA: ɔ l m o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inlandnorth-almost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-almost.ogg

Word: da
IPA: d ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-da2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-da2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nv-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ru-да.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-da.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-da.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-da.wav

Word: lbs (IPA: p a ʊ n d z) - No audio found

Word: work
IPA: w øː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-work.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-work.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-work.ogg

Word: travels
IPA: t ɹ æ v ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-travels.ogg

Word: checks (IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ k s) - No audio found

Word: seemed
IPA: s iː m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seemed.ogg

Word: sixth
IPA: s ɪ k s θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-6th.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sixth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Sixth.wav

Word: Paraguay
IPA: p ɛ ɹ ə ɡ w e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Paraguay.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Paraguay.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Paraguay.wav

Word: Nick (IPA: n ɪ k) - No audio found

Word: quotations
IPA: k w o ʊ t e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-quotations.wav

Word: nail
IPA: n e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nail.ogg

Word: Iowa
IPA: a ɪ ə w e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Iowa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Iowa.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Iowa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Iowa.wav

Word: usual
IPA: j uː ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-usual.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-usual.wav

Word: theology
IPA: θ i ɒ l ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-theology.ogg

Word: genealogy
IPA: d͡ʒ i n i æ l ə d ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-genealogy.wav

Word: brakes
IPA: b ɹ e ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-brakes.ogg

Word: Honduras
IPA: h ɑ n d ʊ ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Honduras.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Honduras.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Honduras.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Honduras.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Honduras.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Honduras.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Honduras.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Honduras.wav

Word: discipline
IPA: d ɪ s ə p l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discipline.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-discipline.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-discipline.ogg

Word: hydrogen
IPA: h a ɪ d ɹ ə d͡ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hydrogen.ogg

Word: oxford
IPA: ɑ k s f ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Oxford.ogg

Word: criterion
IPA: k ɹ a ɪ t ɪ ɹ i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-criterion.ogg

Word: besides
IPA: b ɪ s a ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-besides.ogg

Word: generally
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-generally.ogg

Word: innocent
IPA: ɪ n ə s ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-innocent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-innocent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-innocent.ogg

Word: launch
IPA: l ɑ n t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-launch.ogg

Word: was
IPA: w ʌ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-was.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-was2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-was-unstressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-was.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/DE-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/BY-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-was.wav

Word: pas
IPA: p ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-pas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-pas-standard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-pas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-pas.wav

Word: trivia
IPA: t ɹ ɪ v i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-trivia.wav

Word: ve
IPA: v i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-ve.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-ve.wav

Word: departmental
IPA: d iː p ɑ ɹ t m ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-departmental.wav

Word: converter
IPA: k ə n v ɝ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-converter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-converter.wav

Word: chick
IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chick.ogg

Word: knitting
IPA: n ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-knitting.wav

Word: continental
IPA: k ɑ n t ɪ n ɛ n t l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-continental.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-continental.wav

Word: church
IPA: t͡ʃ ɝ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-church.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-church.ogg

Word: stood
IPA: s t ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stood.ogg

Word: district
IPA: d ɪ s t ɹ ɪ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-district.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-district.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-district.wav

Word: Billy
IPA: b ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Billy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Billy.wav

Word: Microsoft
IPA: m a ɪ k ɹ ə s ɔ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Microsoft.ogg

Word: commissions
IPA: k ə m ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-commissions.wav

Word: exception
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-exception.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-exception.ogg

Word: Bali
IPA: b ɑː l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bali.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bali.ogg

Word: enhance
IPA: ɛ n h æ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enhance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-enhance.ogg

Word: maritime
IPA: m æ ɹ ɪ t a ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-maritime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-maritime.ogg

Word: checked
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-checked.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-checked.wav

Word: Cleveland
IPA: k l iː v l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Cleveland.wav

Word: growth
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-growth.ogg

Word: theme
IPA: θ iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-theme.ogg

Word: arbor
IPA: ɑ ɹ b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arbor.ogg

Word: Salvador
IPA: s æ l v ə d ɔː ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Salvador.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Salvador.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-El_Salvador.wav

Word: pas
IPA: p ɑː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-pas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Qc-pas-standard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-pas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-pas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-pas.wav

Word: Ali
IPA: ɑː l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Ali.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ali.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Ali.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Ali.flac

Word: takes
IPA: t e ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-takes.ogg

Word: gossip
IPA: ɡ ɑ s ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gossip.ogg

Word: political
IPA: p ə l ɪ t ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-political.ogg

Word: moderate
IPA: m ɑ d ə ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-moderate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-moderate-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-moderate.ogg

Word: authentic
IPA: ɔ θ ɛ n t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-authentic.wav

Word: passenger
IPA: p æ s ə n d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-passenger.ogg

Word: assignment
IPA: ə s a ɪ n m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assignment.ogg

Word: breakfast
IPA: b ɹ ɛ k f ə s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-breakfast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-breakfast.ogg

Word: loops
IPA: l uː p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-loops.ogg

Word: course
IPA: k ɔ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-course.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-course.ogg

Word: reduced
IPA: ɹ ɪ d j u s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-reduced.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reduced.ogg

Word: disclaimers
IPA: d ɪ s k l e ɪ m ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-disclaimers.ogg

Word: Danny
IPA: d æ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Danny.wav

Word: December
IPA: d ɪ s ɛ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-December.ogg

Word: workout
IPA: w ɝ k a ʊ̯ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-workout.wav

Word: assess
IPA: ə s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assess.ogg

Word: revenge
IPA: ɹ i v ɛ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-revenge.ogg

Word: treating
IPA: t ɹ iː t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-treating.ogg

Word: response
IPA: ɹ ɪ s p ɑ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-response.ogg

Word: Detroit
IPA: d ɪ t ɹ ɔ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Detroit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Detroit.oga

Word: quit
IPA: k w ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quit.ogg

Word: cute
IPA: k j uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cute.ogg

Word: mon
IPA: m ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-mon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-mon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-mon.wav

Word: numerous
IPA: n u m ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-numerous.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-numerous.ogg

Word: Islam
IPA: ɪ s l ɑː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Islam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Islam.ogg

Word: flights
IPA: f l a ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flights.ogg

Word: claim
IPA: k l e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-claim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-claim.ogg

Word: defend
IPA: d ə f ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-defend.ogg

Word: covers
IPA: k ʌ v ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-covers.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-covers.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-covers.ogg

Word: details
IPA: d iː t e ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-details.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-details.ogg

Word: continuity
IPA: k ɑː n t ɪ n j uː ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-continuity.ogg

Word: prime
IPA: p ɹ iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prime.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prime2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-prime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--prime.ogg

Word: dancing
IPA: d æ n s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dancing.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dancing.ogg

Word: conditional
IPA: k ə n d ɪ ʃ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-conditional.wav

Word: dominant
IPA: d ɑ m ə n ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dominant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dominant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dominant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-dominant.ogg

Word: eval
IPA: iː v æ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-eval.wav

Word: frank
IPA: f ɹ e ɪ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-frank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-frank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-frank.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-frank.ogg

Word: slim
IPA: s l ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-slim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-slim.ogg

Word: safety
IPA: s e ɪ f t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-safety.ogg

Word: compliance
IPA: k ə m p l a ɪ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-compliance.ogg

Word: thou
IPA: ð o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-thou.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-thou_(number).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-though.ogg

Word: twins
IPA: t w ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-twins.ogg

Word: series
IPA: s ɪ ɹ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-series.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-series.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-series.ogg

Word: rec
IPA: ɹ ɛ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rec.wav

Word: stops
IPA: s t ɑ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-stops.wav

Word: can
IPA: k æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-can.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US_can_(unstressed).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-can.wav

Word: creating
IPA: k ɹ iː e ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-creating.ogg

Word: thanks
IPA: θ æ ŋ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thanks.ogg

Word: joe
IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-joe.ogg

Word: admitted
IPA: ə d m ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-admitted.ogg

Word: necklace
IPA: n ɛ k l ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-necklace.wav

Word: metadata
IPA: m ɛ t ə d e ɪ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-metadata.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-metadata.ogg

Word: subcommittee (IPA: s ʌ b k ə m ɪ t i) - No audio found

Word: serves
IPA: s ɝ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-serves.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-serves.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-serves.wav

Word: mesa
IPA: m e ɪ s ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mesa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-mesa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Eavqwiki-mesa.wav

Word: contamination
IPA: k ə n t æ m ə n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-contamination.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-contamination.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-contamination.wav

Word: draws (IPA: d ɹ ɔː z) - No audio found

Word: fun
IPA: f ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fun.ogg

Word: success
IPA: s ə k s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-success.ogg

Word: Louisville
IPA: l uː ə v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Luhvull.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Looeevil.ogg

Word: member
IPA: m ɛ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-member.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-member.ogg

Word: elite
IPA: e ɪ l i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-elite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-elite.ogg

Word: brick
IPA: b ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-brick.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-brick.wav

Word: thru
IPA: θ ɹ u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-through.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-thru.wav

Word: excitement
IPA: ɪ k s a ɪ t m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-excitement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-excitement.wav

Word: flag
IPA: f l æ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flag.ogg

Word: Virginia
IPA: v ɚ d͡ʒ ɪ n j ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Virginia.ogg

Word: processor
IPA: p ɹ ɑ s ɛ s ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-processor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-processor.ogg

Word: Pakistan
IPA: p æ k ɪ s t æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Pakistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Pakistan-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Pakistan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Pakistan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Pakistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Pakistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Pakistan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Pakistan.wav

Word: associate
IPA: ə s o ʊ s i ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate-3.ogg

Word: strings
IPA: s t ɹ ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-strings.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-strings.ogg

Word: sand
IPA: s ɛ ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-sand.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-sand.ogg

Word: dance
IPA: d ɑː n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-dance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-dance.wav

Word: Grad
IPA: ɡ ɹ ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-Grad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Grad.ogg

Word: declined (IPA: d ɪ k l a ɪ n d) - No audio found

Word: walk
IPA: w ɔ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-walk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-walk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-walk.ogg

Word: ski
IPA: s k iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ski.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ski.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ski.ogg

Word: asks
IPA: æ s k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-asks.ogg

Word: rocks
IPA: ɹ ɑ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rocks.ogg

Word: electronic
IPA: ə l ɛ k t ɹ ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-electronic.ogg

Word: yacht
IPA: j ɑː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-yacht.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yacht.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-yacht.wav

Word: intended
IPA: ɪ n t ɛ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intended.ogg

Word: rod
IPA: ɹ ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rod.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-rod.wav

Word: mem
IPA: m ɛ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-mem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-mem.wav

Word: protein
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ t i ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-protein.ogg

Word: hundreds
IPA: h ʌ n d ɹ ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hundreds.ogg

Word: cartridge
IPA: k ɑ ɹ t ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cartridge.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-cartridge.wav

Word: function
IPA: f ʌ ŋ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-function.ogg

Word: among
IPA: ə m ɒ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-among.ogg

Word: drainage
IPA: d ɹ e ɪ n ə d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-drainage.wav

Word: griffin
IPA: ɡ ɹ ɪ f ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-griffin.wav

Word: eliminate
IPA: i l ɪ m ɪ n e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-eliminate.ogg

Word: ram
IPA: ɹ æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ram.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ram.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-ram.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ram.ogg

Word: volume
IPA: v ɑ l j u m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-volume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-volume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-volume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-volume.wav

Word: arms
IPA: ɑ ɹ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arms.ogg

Word: emotional
IPA: i m o ʊ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-emotional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-emotional.ogg

Word: minority
IPA: m ɪ n ɔ ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-minority.ogg

Word: changed
IPA: t͡ʃ e ɪ n d͡ʒ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-changed.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-changed.ogg

Word: coastal
IPA: k o ʊ s t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-coastal.wav

Word: Young (IPA: j ʌ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: risk
IPA: ɹ ɪ s k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-risk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-risk.ogg

Word: evaluation
IPA: ɪ v æ l j u e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-evaluation.wav

Word: Argentina
IPA: ɑ ɹ d͡ʒ ə n t i n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Argentina.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Argentina.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Argentina.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q5146_(por)-NMaia-Argentina.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Argentina.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Argentina.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Argentina.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Argentina.wav

Word: Sally
IPA: s æ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Sally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Sally.wav

Word: eco
IPA: ɛ k o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-eco.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-eco.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-eco.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-eco.wav

Word: Iran
IPA: ɪ ɹ æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Iran-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Iran.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Iran.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Iran.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Iran.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-Iran.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Iran.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Iran.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Iran.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Iran.wav

Word: Pierre
IPA: p i ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-peer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Amqui-Mont-Saint-Pierre.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Pierre.wav

Word: variety
IPA: v ə ɹ a ɪ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-variety.ogg

Word: an
IPA: ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-an-unstressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Zardabi_Bakuvi-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nb-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-an_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: sperm
IPA: s p ɜ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sperm.ogg

Word: Iraq
IPA: ɪ ɹ ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Iraq.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Iraq.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-Iraq.wav

Word: helps
IPA: h ɛ l p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-helps.ogg

Word: depression
IPA: d ə p ɹ ɛ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-depression.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-depression.ogg

Word: circulation
IPA: s ɝ k j ʊ l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-circulation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-circulation.ogg

Word: sustained (IPA: s ə s t e ɪ n d) - No audio found

Word: Robinson
IPA: ɹ ɑ b ɪ n s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-Robinson.wav

Word: declared
IPA: d ɪ k l ɛ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-declared.ogg

Word: facilities
IPA: f ə s ɪ l ɪ t i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-facilities.ogg

Word: priced (IPA: p ɹ a ɪ s t) - No audio found

Word: associate
IPA: ə s o ʊ s i e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate-3.ogg

Word: width
IPA: w ɪ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-width.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-width.ogg

Word: rolls (IPA: ɹ o ʊ l z) - No audio found

Word: clear
IPA: k l ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clear.ogg

Word: funding
IPA: f ʌ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-funding.wav

Word: consultancy
IPA: k ə n s ʌ l t ə n s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-consultancy.wav

Word: orange
IPA: ɔ ɹ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-orange.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-orange.ogg

Word: cheats
IPA: t͡ʃ iː t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-cheats.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cheats.ogg

Word: generally
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ɚ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-generally.ogg

Word: alphabetical
IPA: æ l f ə b ɛ t ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alphabetical.ogg

Word: comply
IPA: k ə m p l a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comply.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-comply.ogg

Word: easily
IPA: i z ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-easily.ogg

Word: aviation
IPA: e ɪ v i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-aviation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-aviation.ogg

Word: strips
IPA: s t ɹ ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-strips.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-strips.ogg

Word: hay
IPA: h e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-hay.wav

Word: sensitivity
IPA: s ɛ n s ɪ v ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sensitivity.wav

Word: produce
IPA: p ɹ ɑ d u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-produce-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-produce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-produce-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-produce-noun.ogg

Word: emperor
IPA: ɛ m p ɹ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-emperor.ogg

Word: bottles (IPA: b ɑ t l̩ z) - No audio found

Word: lat
IPA: l ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-lat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-lat.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-lat.ogg

Word: fans
IPA: f æ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-fans.ogg

Word: Anderson (IPA: æ n d ɚ s ə n) - No audio found

Word: pitch
IPA: p ɪ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pitch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pitch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-pitch.wav

Word: reggae
IPA: ɹ ɛ ɡ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reggae.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-reggae.wav

Word: concentrate
IPA: k ɑ n s ə n t ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concentrate.wav

Word: Ms
IPA: m ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Ms.wav

Word: thorough
IPA: θ ɝ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-thorough.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-thorough.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thorough.ogg

Word: veteran
IPA: v ɛ t ɹ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-veteran.wav

Word: experience
IPA: ɪ k s p ɪ ɹ i ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-experience.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-experience.ogg

Word: orange
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɪ̈ ŋ ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-orange.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-orange.ogg

Word: Chester
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Chester.ogg

Word: Monaco
IPA: m ɑ n ə k o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Monaco.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Monaco.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Monaco.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Monaco.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Monaco.wav

Word: guild
IPA: ɡ ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-guild.wav

Word: Florida
IPA: f l o ɹ d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Florida.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-Florida.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Florida.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Florida.ogg

Word: Madagascar
IPA: m æ d ə ɡ æ s k ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Madagascar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Madagascar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Madagascar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Madagascar.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-Madagascar.wav

Word: today
IPA: t ʊ d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-today.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-today.ogg

Word: fair
IPA: f ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fair.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fair.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-fair.wav

Word: Gray
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Gray.ogg

Word: neither
IPA: n a ɪ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-neither.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-neither-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-neither.ogg

Word: exploration
IPA: ɛ k s p l ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exploration.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-exploration.wav

Word: liable
IPA: l a ɪ̯ ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-liable.ogg

Word: arguments
IPA: ɑ ɹ ɡ j ə m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arguments.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-arguments.wav

Word: stuff
IPA: s t ʌ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stuff.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-stuff.ogg

Word: involving (IPA: ɪ n v ɑ l v ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: keep
IPA: k iː p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-keep.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-keep.ogg

Word: mild
IPA: m a ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mild.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mild.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-mild.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-mild.ogg

Word: cassette
IPA: k æ s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cassette.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cassette.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cassette.ogg

Word: announcement
IPA: ə n a ʊ n s m ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-announcement.ogg

Word: inbox
IPA: ɪ n b ɑ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-inbox.wav

Word: away
IPA: ə w e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-away.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-away.ogg

Word: eyed
IPA: a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-eyed.wav

Word: obtaining
IPA: ə b t e ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-obtaining.ogg

Word: campaigns (IPA: k ə m p e ɪ n z) - No audio found

Word: SWIFT
IPA: s w ɪ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-swift.ogg

Word: buzz
IPA: b ʌ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-buzz.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Electronic_Alarmclocksound.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-buzz.wav

Word: comparable
IPA: k ɑ m p ə ɹ ə b l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-comparable2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-comparable.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--comparable.ogg

Word: prisoner
IPA: p ɹ ɪ z ə n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-prisoner.ogg

Word: generally
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ɚ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-generally.ogg

Word: versus
IPA: v ɝ s ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-versus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-versus.wav

Word: polo
IPA: p o ʊ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-polo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-polo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-polo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-polo.ogg

Word: saying
IPA: s e ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-saying.ogg

Word: Sam
IPA: s æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Sam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Sam.ogg

Word: example
IPA: ɪ ɡ z æ m p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-example.ogg

Word: bidding (IPA: b ɪ d ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: replied
IPA: ɹ ɪ p l a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-replied.ogg

Word: Beijing
IPA: b e ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Beijing.ogg

Word: settled
IPA: s ɛ t l̩ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-settled.ogg

Word: carbon
IPA: k ɑ ɹ b ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-carbon.ogg

Word: occupied
IPA: ɑ k j ə p a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-occupied.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-occupied.ogg

Word: SAT
IPA: ɛ s e ɪ̯ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-SAT.ogg

Word: Jim
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Jim.ogg

Word: ISO
IPA: a ɪ s o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-iso.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-ISO-letters.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-iso.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-iso-letters.ogg

Word: facing
IPA: f e ɪ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-facing.ogg

Word: union
IPA: j uː n i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-union.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-union.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-union.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-union.ogg

Word: journalist
IPA: d͡ʒ ɝ n ə l ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-journalist.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-journalist.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-journalist.ogg

Word: shaped
IPA: ʃ e ɪ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shaped.ogg

Word: charging
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-charging.ogg

Word: closest
IPA: k l o ʊ s ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-closest.wav

Word: supposed
IPA: s ə p o ʊ z ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supposed-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-supposed.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supposed-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-supposed3.wav

Word: device
IPA: d ə v a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-device.ogg

Word: Roman
IPA: ɹ o ʊ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Roman.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Roman.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Roman.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Roman.wav

Word: members
IPA: m ɛ m b ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-members.ogg

Word: Berlin
IPA: b ɝ l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Berlin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Berlin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Berlin-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Berlin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Berlin2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Berlin.ogg

Word: yeast
IPA: j i s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-yeast.ogg

Word: versus
IPA: v ɝ s ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-versus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-versus.wav

Word: painted
IPA: p e ɪ n t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-painted.ogg

Word: piece
IPA: p iː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-piece.ogg

Word: economy
IPA: ə k ɑ n ə m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-economy.ogg

Word: Donna
IPA: d ä nː ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Donna.ogg

Word: posting
IPA: p o ʊ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-posting.wav

Word: punishment
IPA: p ʌ n ɪ ʃ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-punishment.ogg

Word: lafayette (IPA: l æ f a ɪ ɛ t) - No audio found

Word: lightning
IPA: l a ɪ t n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-lightning.ogg

Word: encountered
IPA: ɪ ŋ k a ʊ n t ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-encountered.ogg

Word: pathology
IPA: p ə θ ɒ l ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pathology.wav

Word: standing
IPA: s t æ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-standing.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-standing.wav

Word: alter
IPA: ɔ l t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-altar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-alter.ogg

Word: hairy
IPA: h ɛ ɚ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hairy.ogg

Word: barely
IPA: b ɛ ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-barely.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-barely.wav

Word: desktops
IPA: d ɛ s k t ɒ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-desktops.ogg

Word: location
IPA: l o ʊ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-location.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-location.wav

Word: Alaska
IPA: ə l æ s k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Alaska.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Alaska.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Alaska.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Alaska.ogg

Word: butter
IPA: b ʌ t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-butter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-butter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-butter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-butter.ogg

Word: duplicate
IPA: d j uː p l ɪ k e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-duplicate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-duplicate-verb.ogg

Word: transit
IPA: t ɹ æ n s ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-transit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-transit.wav

Word: ships
IPA: ʃ ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ships.ogg

Word: theories (IPA: θ ɪ ɹ i z) - No audio found

Word: sorry
IPA: s ɑ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-sorry.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sorry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-sorry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sorry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-sorry.ogg

Word: remedies
IPA: ɹ ɛ m ə d i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remedies.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-remedies.ogg

Word: cod
IPA: k ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cod.ogg

Word: custody
IPA: k ʌ s t ə d iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-custody.wav

Word: serum
IPA: s ɪ ɹ ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-serum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-serum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-serum.wav

Word: additions
IPA: ə d ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-additions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-additions.wav

Word: Kevin
IPA: k ɛ v ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Kevin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Kevin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Kevin.wav

Word: city
IPA: s ɪ t ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-city.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-city.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_city.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-city.ogg

Word: Dayton (IPA: d e ɪ t ə n) - No audio found

Word: eventually
IPA: ɪ v ɛ n t͡ʃ u ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eventually.ogg

Word: tears
IPA: t ɪ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-tears.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tears-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tears-verb.ogg

Word: flower
IPA: f l a ʊ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-flower.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flower.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-flower.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-flower2.wav

Word: hub
IPA: h ʌ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hub.ogg

Word: Louisiana
IPA: l uː iː z i æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Louisiana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Louisiana-2.ogg

Word: folks
IPA: f o ʊ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-folks.ogg

Word: gilbert (IPA: ɡ ɪ l b ɚ t) - No audio found

Word: nervous
IPA: n ɝː v ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nervous.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-nervous.ogg

Word: human
IPA: h j uː m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-human.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-human.ogg

Word: convinced
IPA: k ə n v ɪ n s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-convinced.ogg

Word: deals
IPA: d iː l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-deals.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-deals.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-deals.ogg

Word: copper
IPA: k ɑ p ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-copper.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_copper.ogg

Word: Ellen
IPA: ɛ l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ellen.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Ellen.wav

Word: elect
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-elect.ogg

Word: Scheme
IPA: s k iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scheme.ogg

Word: atomic
IPA: ə t ɑː m ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-atomic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-atomic.wav

Word: meal
IPA: m iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_meal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-meal.ogg

Word: assure
IPA: ə ʃ ʊ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-assure.wav

Word: Canberra
IPA: k æ m b ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Canberra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Canberra.wav

Word: cape
IPA: k e ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cape.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cape.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Kiminou1-cape.wav

Word: fails (IPA: f e ɪ l z) - No audio found

Word: show
IPA: ʃ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-show.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_show.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Every_day_I_do_my_morning_show.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-show.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-show.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-só.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-show.wav

Word: consultant
IPA: k ə n s ʌ l t ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-consultant.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Jjamesryan-consultant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-consultant.wav

Word: listing
IPA: l ɪ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-listing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-listing.wav

Word: object
IPA: ə b d͡ʒ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-object-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-object-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-object.ogg

Word: watch
IPA: w ɑ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-watch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-watch.ogg

Word: various
IPA: v ɛ ɹ i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-various.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-1-various.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-various.ogg

Word: cursor
IPA: k ɜ ɹ s ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cursor.wav

Word: Iceland
IPA: a ɪ s l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Iceland.ogg

Word: wish
IPA: w ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wish.ogg

Word: lonely
IPA: l o ʊ n l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-lonely.ogg

Word: forget
IPA: f ɚ ɡ ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_forget.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forget.ogg

Word: spies
IPA: s p a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-spies.ogg

Word: expenditure
IPA: ɛ k s p ɛ n d ɪ t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expenditure.ogg

Word: named
IPA: n e ɪ m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-named.ogg

Word: personnel
IPA: p ɝ s n ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-personnel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-personnel.ogg

Word: extend
IPA: ɛ k s t ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-extend.wav

Word: capture
IPA: k æ p ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-capture.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-capture.wav

Word: vegetarian
IPA: v ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ t ɛ ɹ i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-vegetarian.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-vegetarian.wav

Word: contacting (IPA: k ɑ n t æ k t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: because
IPA: b ɪ k ʌ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-because.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-because.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-because.wav

Word: toll
IPA: t o ɫ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-toll.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-toll.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-toll.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-toll.ogg

Word: arabic (IPA: æ ɹ ə b ɪ k) - No audio found

Word: river
IPA: ɹ ɪ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-river.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-river.ogg

Word: marc (IPA: m ɑ ɹ k) - No audio found

Word: anyway
IPA: ɛ n i w e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anyway.ogg

Word: banking
IPA: b æ ŋ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-banking.wav

Word: dollar
IPA: d ɑ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-dollar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dollar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dollar.ogg

Word: walker
IPA: w ɔ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-walker.wav

Word: alternate
IPA: ɑ l t ɚ n ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-alternate-adj.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alternate-noun-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7979-Soundguys-alternate.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alternate-verb.ogg

Word: within
IPA: w ɪ ð ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-within.ogg

Word: tent
IPA: t ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inlandnorth-tent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tent.ogg

Word: installed
IPA: ɪ n s t ɔː l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-installed.wav

Word: brad
IPA: b ɹ æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-brad.wav

Word: conviction
IPA: k ə n v ɪ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-conviction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-conviction.ogg

Word: pleased
IPA: p l iː z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pleased.ogg

Word: growing
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-growing.ogg

Word: fear
IPA: f ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fear.ogg

Word: tent
IPA: t ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inlandnorth-tent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tent.ogg

Word: translator
IPA: t ɹ æ n s l e ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-translator.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-translator.wav

Word: delivery
IPA: d ɪ l ɪ v ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-delivery.ogg

Word: palm
IPA: p æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-palm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-palm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-palm.ogg

Word: gross
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gross.ogg

Word: gate
IPA: ɡ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-gate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gate.ogg

Word: when
IPA: w ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-when.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-when.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-when.ogg

Word: allow
IPA: ə l a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-allow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_allow.ogg

Word: expansion
IPA: ɪ k s p æ n ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expansion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-expansion.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-expansion.wav

Word: affordable
IPA: ə f ɔ ɹ d ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-affordable.wav

Word: thorough
IPA: θ ʌ ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-thorough.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-thorough.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thorough.ogg

Word: reg
IPA: ɹ ɛ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reg.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reg2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-reg.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-reg.ogg

Word: whom
IPA: h uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-whom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Whom.wav

Word: Nevada
IPA: n ə v ɑ d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Nevada.wav

Word: blessed
IPA: b l ɛ s ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-blessed_(adj).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-blessed_(verb).wav

Word: shoe
IPA: ʃ u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-shoe.ogg

Word: signature
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ə t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-signature.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-signature.ogg

Word: Oregon
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɪ ɡ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Oregon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Oregon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Oregon.wav

Word: chest
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-chest.wav

Word: ray
IPA: ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ray.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-ray.wav

Word: OG
IPA: o ʊ d͡ʒ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-OG.ogg

Word: times
IPA: t a ɪ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-times.ogg

Word: odds
IPA: ɑ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-odds.wav

Word: chat
IPA: t͡ʃ æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_chat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-chat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-chat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-chat.wav

Word: enjoy
IPA: ə n d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enjoy.ogg

Word: velvet
IPA: v ɛ l v ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-velvet.ogg

Word: scenario
IPA: s ɪ n æ ɹ i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scenario.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-scenario.ogg

Word: ko
IPA: k ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-ko.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-ko.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-ko.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ko.ogg

Word: culture
IPA: k ʌ l t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-culture.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-culture.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-culture.ogg

Word: plaintiff
IPA: p l e ɪ n t ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-plaintiff.wav

Word: fantasy
IPA: f æ n t ə s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fantasy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-fantasy.wav

Word: tribal
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tribal.wav

Word: stadium
IPA: s t e ɪ d i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stadium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stadium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-stadium.ogg

Word: skin
IPA: s k ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-skin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-skin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-skin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-skin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-skin.ogg

Word: les
IPA: l ɛ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-les.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-les.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-les.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-les.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-les.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-les.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-les.ogg

Word: attempt
IPA: ə t ɛ m p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attempt.ogg

Word: manufacture
IPA: m æ n j ə f æ k t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-manufacture.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-manufacture.wav

Word: congratulations
IPA: k ə n ɡ ɹ æ t͡ʃ ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-congratulations.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-congratulations.wav

Word: ensuring (IPA: ɪ n ʃ ɝ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: impose
IPA: ɪ m p o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-impose.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-impose.wav

Word: calm
IPA: k æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-calm.wav

Word: Caribbean
IPA: k ə ɹ ɪ b i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-caribbean.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Caribbean.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Caribbean2.ogg

Word: er
IPA: ɜː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-er.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-er.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-er.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-er2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-er-1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-wo_ist_klaus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Dies_ist_mein_hund.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Dort_steht_ein_baum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Im_Frauengefängnis_versuchte_ein_Häftling_zu_flüchten,_aber_er_kam_nicht_weit..ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-er.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-er.wav

Word: disk
IPA: d ɪ s k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-disk.ogg

Word: sucking (IPA: s ʌ k ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: Cornwall
IPA: k ɔ ɹ n w ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Cornwall.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Cornwall.ogg

Word: pat
IPA: p æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-pat.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-pat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-pat.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-pat.wav

Word: immediate
IPA: ɪ m i d i ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-immediate.ogg

Word: perform
IPA: p ɚ f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-perform.ogg

Word: cosmetic
IPA: k ɑ z m ɛ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cosmetic.ogg

Word: merely
IPA: m ɪ ɹ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-merely.ogg

Word: nails
IPA: n e ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nails.ogg

Word: nomination
IPA: n ɑ m ɪ n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nomination.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-nomination.wav

Word: rough
IPA: ɹ ʌ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-rough.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-rough.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-rough.ogg

Word: blades
IPA: b l e ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-blades.ogg

Word: barbie
IPA: b ɑː ɹ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_barbie.ogg

Word: moment
IPA: m o ʊ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-moment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-moment.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-moment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-moment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-moment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-moment.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-moment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Matlin-moment.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-moment.wav

Word: scheme
IPA: s k iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scheme.ogg

Word: der
IPA: d ɜː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_der.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-der.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wo-der.ogg

Word: comfortable
IPA: k ʌ m p f t ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-comfortable.ogg

Word: insured (IPA: ɪ n ʃ ʊ ɚ d) - No audio found

Word: tune
IPA: t j u n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-tune.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tune.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-tune.ogg

Word: allergy
IPA: æ l ə ɹ d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-allergy.wav

Word: metabolism
IPA: m ə t æ b ə l ɪ z ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-metabolism.wav

Word: hats
IPA: h æ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hats.ogg

Word: fi
IPA: f iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-fi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--fi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-fi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-fi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-fi.wav

Word: idea
IPA: a ɪ̯ d i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-idea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-idea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-idea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-idea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-idea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-idea.wav

Word: London
IPA: l ʌ n d ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-London.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-London.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nb-london.ogg

Word: again
IPA: ə ɡ ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-again.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-again.ogg

Word: subsidiary
IPA: s ʌ b s ɪ d i ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-subsidiary.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-subsidiary.wav

Word: Microsoft
IPA: m a ɪ k ɹ o ʊ s ɔ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Microsoft.ogg

Word: constitution
IPA: k ɑ n s t ɪ t u ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-constitution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-constitution.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-Constitution.ogg

Word: cricket
IPA: k ɹ ɪ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cricket.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cricket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-cricket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cricket.ogg

Word: Stephanie
IPA: s t ɛ f ə n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Stephanie.ogg

Word: Uganda
IPA: j u ɡ ɑː n d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Uganda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Uganda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Uganda.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Uganda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Uganda.wav

Word: Tony
IPA: t o ʊ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Tony.wav

Word: Lancaster
IPA: l æ ŋ k ə s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-Lancaster.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Lancaster.wav

Word: Mozambique
IPA: m o ʊ z æ m b iː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Mozambique.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mozambique.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Mozambique.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Mozambique.wav

Word: mu
IPA: m uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-mu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-mu.wav

Word: Louise
IPA: l ə w iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Louise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-Louise.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Louise.wav

Word: native
IPA: n e ɪ t ə v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-native.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-native.wav

Word: pepper
IPA: p ɛ p ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-pepper.ogg

Word: refuse
IPA: ɹ iː f j uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-refuse_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_refuse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-refuse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-refuse.wav

Word: mandatory
IPA: m ɛ ə n d ə t ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mandatory.ogg

Word: gets
IPA: ɡ ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gets.ogg

Word: somewhat
IPA: s ʌ m w ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-somewhat.ogg

Word: improvements
IPA: ɪ m p ɹ uː v m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-improvements.ogg

Word: workforce
IPA: w ɝ k f o ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-workforce.wav

Word: becoming
IPA: b ɪ k ʌ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-becoming.ogg

Word: ensuring (IPA: ɪ n ʃ ʊ ɹ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: Bolivia
IPA: b o ʊ l ɪ v i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Bolivia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bolivia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Bolivia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Bolivia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Bolivia.wav

Word: security
IPA: s ə k j ʊ ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-security.ogg

Word: placement
IPA: p l e ɪ s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-placement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-placement.wav

Word: satin
IPA: s æ t ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-satin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-satin.ogg

Word: economic
IPA: ɛ k ə n ɑ m ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-economic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-economic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-economic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-economic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-economic.wav

Word: flight
IPA: f l a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flight.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-flight.ogg

Word: lost
IPA: l ɔ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-lost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-lost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lost.ogg

Word: steven
IPA: s t ɛ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-steven.ogg

Word: stretch
IPA: s t ɹ ɛ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stretch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-stretch.wav

Word: pros (IPA: p ɹ o ʊ z) - No audio found

Word: Morgan (IPA: m ɔ ɹ ɡ ə n) - No audio found

Word: involved
IPA: ɪ n v ɑ l v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-involved.ogg

Word: Indiana
IPA: ɪ n d i æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Indiana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Indiana.wav

Word: organizations (IPA: ɔ ɹ ɡ ə n ɪ z e ɪ ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: notion
IPA: n o ʊ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-notion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-notion.ogg

Word: tail
IPA: t e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-tail.ogg

Word: option
IPA: ɑ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-option.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-option.wav

Word: debug
IPA: d iː b ʌ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-debug.ogg

Word: exam
IPA: ɪ ɡ z æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-an_exam.ogg

Word: fault
IPA: f ɔ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-fault.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fault.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fault.ogg

Word: conference
IPA: k ɑ n f ə ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-conference.wav

Word: cow
IPA: k a ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_cow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cow.ogg

Word: summit
IPA: s ʌ m ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-summit.ogg

Word: showing
IPA: ʃ o ʊ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-showing.ogg

Word: ratio
IPA: ɹ e ɪ ʃ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ratio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ratio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-ratio.wav

Word: attempting
IPA: ə t ɛ m p t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attempting.ogg

Word: visiting
IPA: v ɪ z ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-visiting.ogg

Word: Grace
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-grace.oga

Word: asbestos
IPA: æ z b ɛ s t ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-asbestos.wav

Word: Amy
IPA: e ɪ m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Amy.wav

Word: chip
IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_chip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-chip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-chip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-chip.wav

Word: air
IPA: ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-air.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9237_(msa)-Hakimi97-air.wav

Word: die
IPA: d a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-die.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-die.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-die.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-die.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-die2.ogg

Word: restored
IPA: ɹ ɪ s t ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-restored.ogg

Word: english
IPA: ɪ ŋ ɡ l ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-english.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-English.oga

Word: employment
IPA: ɛ m p l ɔ ɪ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-employment.ogg

Word: Jesse
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jesse.wav

Word: nobody
IPA: n o ʊ b ə d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-nobody.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-nobody.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nobody.ogg

Word: Persian
IPA: p ɜː ɹ s i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Persian.wav

Word: Eugene
IPA: j u d͡ʒ i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Eugene.wav

Word: craft
IPA: k ɹ æ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-craft.ogg

Word: visible
IPA: v ɪ z ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-visible.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-visible.ogg

Word: Fish (IPA: f ɪ ʃ) - No audio found

Word: refresh
IPA: ɹ ɪ f ɹ ɛ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-refresh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-refresh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-refresh.oga

Word: accessory
IPA: æ k s ɛ s ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-accessory.ogg

Word: hi
IPA: h a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-hi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Anna_Pete,_hi!_Hi,_we_are_here!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Aioramu-hi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hi.ogg

Word: socks
IPA: s ɒ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-socks.ogg

Word: continuous
IPA: k ə n t ɪ n j uː ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-continuous.ogg

Word: wind
IPA: w a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-wind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-wind-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wind-turn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-wind.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wind.ogg

Word: replica
IPA: ɹ ɛ p l ɪ k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-replica.wav

Word: cabinet
IPA: k æ b n ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cabinet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cabinet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-cabinet.wav

Word: rat
IPA: ɹ æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_rat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-rat.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-rat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-rat.wav

Word: Eve
IPA: iː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Eve.ogg

Word: neck
IPA: n ɛ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-neck.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-neck.wav

Word: Lu (IPA: l i o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: scripting (IPA: s k ɹ ɪ p t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: shower
IPA: ʃ o ʊ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-shower.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-shower_(show).wav

Word: hardwood
IPA: h ɑ ɹ d w ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-hardwood.ogg

Word: consumer
IPA: k ə n s u m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-consumer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-consumer.ogg

Word: Brooklyn
IPA: b ɹ ʊ k l ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-brooklyn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC_Brooklyn.ogg

Word: contributor
IPA: k ə n t ɹ ɪ b j ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-contributor.wav

Word: proposal
IPA: p ɹ ə p o ʊ z ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-proposal.wav

Word: contained
IPA: k ə n t e ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contained.ogg

Word: identify
IPA: a ɪ d ɛ n t ə f a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-identify.ogg

Word: via
IPA: v iː ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-via.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-via.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-via.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-una_via.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-via.ogg

Word: sexually
IPA: s ɛ k ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sexually.wav

Word: worlds (IPA: w ɝ l d z) - No audio found

Word: wild
IPA: w a ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wild.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-wild.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wild.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-wild.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-wild.ogg

Word: h
IPA: e ɪ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Voiceless_glottal_fricative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:H_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fi-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9043_(nor)-Jon_Harald_Søby_(WMNO)-h.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pt-br-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sl-nt-h.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_h_es_es.flac

Word: rise
IPA: ɹ a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-rise.ogg

Word: desert
IPA: d ə z ɝ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-desert_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desert-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desert-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-desert.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-desert.wav

Word: Brussels
IPA: b ɹ ʌ s ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Brussels.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Brussels.ogg

Word: television
IPA: t ɛ l ɪ v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-television.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-television.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-television.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-television.ogg

Word: soccer
IPA: s ɑ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-soccer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-soccer.wav

Word: jury
IPA: d͡ʒ ɚ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jury.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jury.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-jury.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-jury.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-jury.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_jury.ogg

Word: favor
IPA: f e ɪ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-favor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-favour.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-favor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-favor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-favor.wav

Word: coast
IPA: k o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coast.ogg

Word: measurement
IPA: m ɛ ʒ ɚ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-measurement.wav

Word: barrier
IPA: b æ ɹ i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-barrier.ogg

Word: Belarus
IPA: b ɛ l ə ɹ u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Belarus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Belarus-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-Belarus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Belarus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Belarus.wav

Word: tones
IPA: t o ʊ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tones.ogg

Word: living
IPA: l ɪ v ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-living.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-living.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-living.ogg

Word: central
IPA: s ɛ n t ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-central.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-central.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-central.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-central.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-central.ogg

Word: pour
IPA: p ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pour.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pour.ogg

Word: discretion
IPA: d ɪ s k ɹ ɛ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discretion.ogg

Word: close
IPA: k l o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-close-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-close.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-close-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-close.wav

Word: shaft
IPA: ʃ æ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-shaft.ogg

Word: operators (IPA: ɑː p ə ɹ e ɪ t ɚ z) - No audio found

Word: kong
IPA: k ɑ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kong.wav

Word: W
IPA: d ʌ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:W_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-W.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-W.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-W.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_w_es_es.flac

Word: physiology
IPA: f ɪ z i ɑ l ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-physiology.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-physiology.wav

Word: far
IPA: f ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-far.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-far.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-far.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-far.wav

Word: blonde
IPA: b l ɑ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-blonde.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blonde.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-blonde.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-blonde.ogg

Word: miniature
IPA: m ɪ n i ə t͡ʃ ʊ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-miniature.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Helenou66-miniature.wav

Word: pointer
IPA: p ɔ ɪ n t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pointer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pointer.ogg

Word: consulting (IPA: k ə n s ʌ l t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: thesis
IPA: θ i s i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-thesis.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thesis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-theses.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-thesis.ogg

Word: own
IPA: o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-own.ogg

Word: pam
IPA: p æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pam.wav

Word: supposed
IPA: s ə p o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supposed-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-supposed.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supposed-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-supposed3.wav

Word: planning
IPA: p l æ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-planning.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-planning.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-planning.wav

Word: cafe
IPA: k æ f e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cafe.ogg

Word: fields
IPA: f iː l d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fields.ogg

Word: winning
IPA: w ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-winning.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-winning.ogg

Word: watt
IPA: w ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-watt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--watt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-watt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9067_(hun)-Ewithu-watt.wav

Word: acts
IPA: æ k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acts.ogg

Word: reservoir
IPA: ɹ ɛ z ə ɹ v w ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reservoir.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-reservoir.ogg

Word: remember
IPA: ɹ ə m ɛ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remember.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_remember.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Remember_me._I_live_in_your_building.ogg

Word: wiki
IPA: w iː k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wiki.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-wiki.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wiki.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-wiki.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-wiki.flac

Word: organizer
IPA: ɔ ɹ ɡ ə n a ɪ z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-organizer.wav

Word: operation
IPA: ɑ p ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-operation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-operation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-operation.ogg

Word: Stewart
IPA: s t j u ɚ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Stewart.wav

Word: wave
IPA: w e ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wave.ogg

Word: quarters
IPA: k w ɔ ɹ t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quarters.ogg

Word: gem
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gem.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-gem.wav

Word: shot
IPA: ʃ ɔ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-shot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-shot.wav

Word: Latino
IPA: l æ t i n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Flame,_not_lame-Latino.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Latino.ogg

Word: directed
IPA: d a ɪ ɹ ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-directed.ogg

Word: Heather (IPA: h ɛ ð ɚ) - No audio found

Word: harmony
IPA: h ɑ ɹ m ə n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-harmony.ogg

Word: reform
IPA: ɹ iː f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reform.ogg

Word: sorts
IPA: s ɔ ɹ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sorts.ogg

Word: court
IPA: k ɔ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-caught.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Court.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-court.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_court.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-court.ogg

Word: physician
IPA: f ɪ z ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-physician.ogg

Word: job
IPA: d͡ʒ ɑ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-job.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-job.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-job.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Here_I_am_at_my_new_job!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-job.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-job.wav

Word: ozone
IPA: ə ʊ z ə ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ozone.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ozone.ogg

Word: tough
IPA: t ʌ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tough.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-tough.ogg

Word: but
IPA: b ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-but.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_but.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-but.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-but2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-but.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-but.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-but.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-but.wav

Word: plane
IPA: p l e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_plane.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plane.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-plane.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-plane.ogg

Word: deployment
IPA: d ɪ p l ɔ ɪ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-deployment.wav

Word: final
IPA: f a ɪ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-final.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-final.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-final.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-final.wav

Word: fin
IPA: f ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-fin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-fin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-fin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-fin.ogg

Word: case
IPA: k e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-case.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-case.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-case.wav

Word: likes
IPA: l a ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-likes.wav

Word: album
IPA: æ l b ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-album.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-album.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-album.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-album.ogg

Word: be
IPA: b e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q35735-Davidgrosclaude-be.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-be.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Letter_b_es_es.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-be.ogg

Word: refer
IPA: ɹ ɪ f ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-refer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-reefer.ogg

Word: di
IPA: d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/ID-di.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-di.wav

Word: together
IPA: t ʊ ɡ ɛ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-together.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-together.ogg

Word: adult
IPA: ə d ʌ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gb-adult.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-adult.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-adult.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-adult-variant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-adult.ogg

Word: designed
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-designed.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-designed.ogg

Word: ate
IPA: e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-ate.wav

Word: dee (IPA: d iː) - No audio found

Word: entrepreneur
IPA: ɑ n t ɹ ə p ɹ ə n ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-entrepreneur.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--entrepreneur.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-entrepreneur.wav

Word: holding
IPA: h ə ʊ l d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-holding.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-holding.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-holding.wav

Word: intense
IPA: ɪ n t ɛ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-intense.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-intense.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-intense.ogg

Word: melissa (IPA: m ə l ɪ s ə) - No audio found

Word: hunting
IPA: h ʌ n t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hunting.ogg

Word: bathroom
IPA: b æ θ ɹ u m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-bathroom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bathroom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_wash_in_the_bathroom.ogg

Word: hydraulic
IPA: h a ɪ d ɹ ɔː l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hydraulic.ogg

Word: distribute
IPA: d ɪ s t ɹ ɪ b j u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-distribute.ogg

Word: edges
IPA: ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-edges.ogg

Word: favors
IPA: f e ɪ v ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-favors.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-favors.wav

Word: collector
IPA: k ə l ɛ k t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-collector.wav

Word: jumping
IPA: d͡ʒ ʌ m p ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-jumping.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-jumping.wav

Word: maria
IPA: m ɑ ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-maria.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-maria.wav

Word: irrigation
IPA: ɪ ɹ ə ɡ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-irrigation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-irrigation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-irrigation.wav

Word: parents
IPA: p ɛ ɹ ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-parents.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-parents.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-parents.ogg

Word: Hans
IPA: h ɑː n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Hans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Hans.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Hans.wav

Word: kitty
IPA: k ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-kitty.ogg

Word: characters
IPA: kʰ æ ɹ ə k t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-characters.ogg

Word: brush
IPA: b ɹ ʌ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-brush.ogg

Word: wondering
IPA: w ʌ n d ə ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wondering.ogg

Word: barrel
IPA: b æ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-Barrel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-barrel.ogg

Word: um
IPA: ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-um.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-um.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-um3.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-um.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/PT-BR-um.ogg

Word: driver
IPA: d ɹ a ɪ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-driver.ogg

Word: bad
IPA: b æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-bad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-bad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-bad.ogg

Word: question
IPA: k w ɛ s t j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-question.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/He_questioned_South_Korean_claims_that_China_is_a_major_source_of_its_pollution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/fr-fr-question.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-question.wav

Word: economic
IPA: i k ə n ɑ m ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-economic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-economic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-economic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-economic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-economic.wav

Word: freelance
IPA: f ɹ i l æ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-freelance.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-freelance.wav

Word: material
IPA: m ə t ɪ ɹ i ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-material.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-material.ogg

Word: authority
IPA: ə θ ɔ ɹ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-authority.ogg

Word: Jackson
IPA: d͡ʒ æ k s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jackson.wav

Word: vacation
IPA: v e ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-vacation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-vacation.wav

Word: Newport
IPA: n u p ɔ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Newport.wav

Word: yard
IPA: j ɑ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-yard.wav

Word: signals
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-signals.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Ainali-signals.wav

Word: thinks
IPA: θ ɪ ŋ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thinks.ogg

Word: guide
IPA: ɡ a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-guide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-guide.ogg

Word: transmission
IPA: t ɹ æ n s m ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-transmission.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-transmission.ogg

Word: himself
IPA: ɪ̈ m s ɛ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-himself.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-himself.ogg

Word: brochure
IPA: b ɹ o ʊ ʃ ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-brochure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-brochure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-brochure.ogg

Word: marathon
IPA: m æ ɹ ə θ ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-marathon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-marathon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-marathon.wav

Word: interpretation
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ p ɹ ə t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-interpretation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-interpretation.wav

Word: element
IPA: ɛ l ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-element.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-element.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-element.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-element.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-element.ogg

Word: affecting
IPA: ə f ɛ k t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-affecting.ogg

Word: fly
IPA: f l a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fly.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-fly.ogg

Word: institutional
IPA: ɪ n s t ɪ t u ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-institutional.oga

Word: segment
IPA: s ɛ ɡ m ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-segment_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-segment_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-segment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-segment.wav

Word: antibody
IPA: æ n t ə b ɑ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-antibody.ogg

Word: Jamaica
IPA: d͡ʒ ə m e ɪ k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Jamaica.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Jamaica.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Jamaica.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-Jamaica.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Jamaica.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Jamaica.wav

Word: average
IPA: æ v ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-average.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-average.ogg

Word: achieving
IPA: ə t͡ʃ iː v ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-achieving.wav

Word: impressed
IPA: ɪ m p ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-impressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-imprest.wav

Word: applicable
IPA: æ p l ɪ k ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-applicable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-applicable.wav

Word: mystery
IPA: m ɪ s t ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mystery.ogg

Word: Arnold
IPA: ɑ ɹ n ə l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Arnold.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Arnold.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Arnold.wav

Word: trinity
IPA: t ɹ ɪ n ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trinity.ogg

Word: because
IPA: b ɪ k ɔ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-because.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-because.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-because.wav

Word: least
IPA: l i s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-least.ogg

Word: designer
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-designer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-designer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-designer.wav

Word: em
IPA: ɛː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-em.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-em.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-em.wav

Word: rage
IPA: ɹ e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-rage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-rage.wav

Word: Alexandria
IPA: æ l ə k z æ n d ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Alexandria.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Alexandria.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Alexandria.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-Alexandria.ogg

Word: participant
IPA: p ə ɹ t ɪ s ə p ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-participant.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-participant.wav

Word: LaTeX
IPA: l e ɪ t ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-LaTeX.ogg

Word: emergency
IPA: i m ɝ d͡ʒ ə n s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-emergency.ogg

Word: sea
IPA: s iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-sea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-sea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sea.ogg

Word: plates
IPA: p l e ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-plates.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-plates.wav

Word: couple
IPA: k ʌ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-couple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-couple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/fr-fr-couple.ogg

Word: dog
IPA: d ɔ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-dog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-dog.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-dog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-dog.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-dog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-dog.wav

Word: Cincinnati
IPA: s ɪ n s ɪ n æ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Cincinnati.wav

Word: factory
IPA: f æ k t ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-factory.ogg

Word: emotions
IPA: ɪ m o ʊ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-emotions.ogg

Word: biology
IPA: b a ɪ ɑ l ə d͡ʒ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-biology.ogg

Word: Persian
IPA: p ɝ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Persian.wav

Word: Jefferson
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ f ɚ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Jefferson.ogg

Word: looking
IPA: l ʊ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-looking.ogg

Word: del
IPA: d ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-del.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-del.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-del.ogg

Word: infection
IPA: ɪ n f ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-infection.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-infection.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-infection.wav

Word: Allen (IPA: æ l ə n) - No audio found

Word: concerns
IPA: k ə n s ɝ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concerns.ogg

Word: adverse
IPA: æ d v ə ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-adverse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Mecanautes-adverse.wav

Word: gorgeous
IPA: ɡ ɔ ɹ d͡ʒ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gorgeous.ogg

Word: heath
IPA: h iː θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-heath.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-heath.wav

Word: Holocaust
IPA: h ɑ l ə k ɔ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Holocaust.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Holocaust.ogg

Word: teaching
IPA: t iː t͡ʃ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-teaching.ogg

Word: decimal
IPA: d ɛ s ə m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-decimal.ogg

Word: Dana
IPA: d e ɪ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dana2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dana.wav

Word: Sheffield
IPA: ʃ ɛ f iː l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Sheffield.ogg

Word: mounted
IPA: m a ʊ n t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mounted.ogg

Word: invest
IPA: ɪ n v ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-invest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-invest.wav

Word: laws
IPA: l ɔː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-laws.ogg

Word: heat
IPA: h iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heat.ogg

Word: rack
IPA: ɹ æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rack.ogg

Word: therapist
IPA: θ ɛ ɹ ə p ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-therapist.wav

Word: reservoir
IPA: ɹ ɛ z ə ɹ v ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reservoir.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-reservoir.ogg

Word: valley
IPA: v æ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Valley.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-valley.ogg

Word: sunrise
IPA: s ʌ n ɹ a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-sunrise.ogg

Word: constantly
IPA: k ɑ n s t ə n ʔ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-constantly.ogg

Word: Wyoming
IPA: w a ɪ o ʊ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Wyoming.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Wyoming.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Wyoming.ogg

Word: flush
IPA: f l ʌ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-flush.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-flush.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-flush.wav

Word: lifestyle
IPA: l a ɪ f s t a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lifestyle.wav

Word: usual
IPA: j uː ʒ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-usual.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-usual.wav

Word: wagon
IPA: w æ ɡ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wagon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-wagon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wagon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-wagon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-wagon.ogg

Word: Cornwall
IPA: k ɔ ɹ n w ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Cornwall.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Cornwall.ogg

Word: instructions
IPA: ɪ n s t ɹ ʌ k ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-instructions.ogg

Word: league
IPA: l iː ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-league.ogg

Word: caught
IPA: k ɔː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-caught.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-caught.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contrastive-caught.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-caught.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inlandnorth-caught.ogg

Word: governor
IPA: ɡ ʌ v ə n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-governor.ogg

Word: inns (IPA: ɪ n z) - No audio found

Word: Gibraltar
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ b ɹ ɔː l t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Gibraltar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Gibraltar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Gibraltar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Gibraltar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Gibraltar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Gibraltar.wav

Word: crew
IPA: k ɹ u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-crew.ogg

Word: Cindy
IPA: s ɪ n d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Cindy.wav

Word: plastic
IPA: p l æ s t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plastic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-plastic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-plastic.wav

Word: sorted
IPA: s ɔ ɹ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-sorted.ogg

Word: Lucas
IPA: l uː k ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Lucas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Lucas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-Lucas.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Lucas.ogg

Word: Jewish
IPA: d͡ʒ uː ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jewish_US.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Jewish.wav

Word: placed
IPA: p l e ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-placed.ogg

Word: achievement
IPA: ə t͡ʃ iː v m ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-achievement.ogg

Word: Purse
IPA: p ɝ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-purse.ogg

Word: Aboriginal
IPA: æ b ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ n̩ l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-aboriginal.ogg

Word: Wichita (IPA: w ɪ t͡ʃ ɪ t ɔː) - No audio found

Word: ear
IPA: i ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-ear.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-ear.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ear.ogg

Word: mixed
IPA: m ɪ k s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mixed.ogg

Word: basketball
IPA: b æ s k ɪ t b ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-basketball.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-basketball.wav

Word: commit
IPA: k ə m ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-commit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-commit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-commit.wav

Word: remember
IPA: ɹ ɪ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remember.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_remember.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Remember_me._I_live_in_your_building.ogg

Word: paste
IPA: p e ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paste.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-paste.ogg

Word: telling
IPA: t ɛ l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-telling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-telling.ogg

Word: willing
IPA: w ɪ l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-willing.ogg

Word: whenever
IPA: h w ə n ɛ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-whenever.ogg

Word: separate
IPA: s ɛ p ə ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separate-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-separate.ogg

Word: mega
IPA: m e ɪ ɡ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-mega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-mega.wav

Word: stopping
IPA: s t ɑ p ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stopping.ogg

Word: birth
IPA: b ɝ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-birth.ogg

Word: rail
IPA: ɹ e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-rail.ogg

Word: wine
IPA: w a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-wine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wine.ogg

Word: kid
IPA: k ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-kid.wav

Word: discussion
IPA: d ɪ s k ʌ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discussion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-discussion.ogg

Word: navy
IPA: n e ɪ v i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-navy.ogg

Word: please
IPA: p l i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-please.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-please.ogg

Word: Colin
IPA: k ɑ l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Colin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Colin.wav

Word: fifth
IPA: f ɪ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fifth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US_fifth_(informal).ogg

Word: enemies
IPA: ɛ n ə m i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enemies.ogg

Word: Commonwealth
IPA: k ɑ m ə n w ɛ l θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_Commonwealth.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Commonwealth.ogg

Word: remark
IPA: ɹ i m ɑ ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remark.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-remark.wav

Word: lyrics
IPA: l ɪ ɹ ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-lyrics.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Gibraltar_Rocks-lyrics.wav

Word: Nevada
IPA: n ə v e ɪ d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Nevada.wav

Word: par
IPA: p ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-par.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-par.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Is-par.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-par.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-par.ogg

Word: Switzerland
IPA: s w ɪ t s ɚ l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Switzerland.ogg

Word: in
IPA: ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-in.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/DE-in.OGG
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9063_(slv)-Zupanurska-in.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-in.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-in.wav

Word: sympathy
IPA: s ɪ m p ə θ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sympathy.ogg

Word: period
IPA: p ɪ ɚ i ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-period.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-period.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-period.ogg

Word: caps (IPA: k æ p s) - No audio found

Word: problem
IPA: p ɹ ɑ b l ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-problem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-problem.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-problem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-problem.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-problem.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-problem_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: Welsh
IPA: w ɛ l ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-welsh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Welsh.ogg

Word: paint
IPA: p e ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paint.ogg

Word: Newfoundland
IPA: n u f a ʊ n d l æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Newfoundland.wav

Word: ordinance
IPA: o ɹ d ɪ n ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ordinance.ogg

Word: chains
IPA: t͡ʃ e ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chains.ogg

Word: puts (IPA: p ʊ t s) - No audio found

Word: feeding (IPA: f iː d ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: Carter (IPA: k ɑ ɹ t ɚ) - No audio found

Word: wound
IPA: w a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wound-injury.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wound-turned.ogg

Word: Liz (IPA: l ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: tribune
IPA: t ɹ ɪ b j uː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tribune.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tribune.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-tribune.ogg

Word: giving
IPA: ɡ ɪ v ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-giving.ogg

Word: playing
IPA: p l e ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-playing.ogg

Word: cancellation
IPA: k æ n s ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cancellation.wav

Word: then
IPA: ð ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-then.ogg

Word: diabetes
IPA: d a ɪ ə b i t ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-diabetes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-diabetes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-diabetes.wav

Word: railroad
IPA: ɹ e ɪ l ɹ o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-railroad.ogg

Word: yacht
IPA: j ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-yacht.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yacht.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-yacht.wav

Word: meta
IPA: m ɛ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-meta_(e).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-meta_(ee).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-meta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-meta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-meta.flac

Word: foundations (IPA: f a ʊ n d e ɪ ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: suddenly
IPA: s ʌ d n̩ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-suddenly.ogg

Word: arch
IPA: ɑː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arch.ogg

Word: FBI
IPA: ɛ f b iː a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-FBI.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-FBI.ogg

Word: Melissa
IPA: m ə l ɪ s ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Melissa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Melissa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Melissa.wav

Word: protest
IPA: p ɹ ə t ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-protest-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-protest-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-protest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-protest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-protest.ogg

Word: maintain
IPA: m ə n t e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-maintain.ogg

Word: realtor
IPA: ɹ i ə l t ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-realtor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-realtor.wav

Word: minute
IPA: m a ɪ n j u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_minute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minute-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minute-adjective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-minute.ogg

Word: waves
IPA: w e ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-waves.ogg

Word: seeing
IPA: s iː ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seeing.ogg

Word: education
IPA: ɛ d͡ʒ ə k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-education.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-education.ogg

Word: separation
IPA: s ɛ p ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separation.ogg

Word: supplement
IPA: s ʌ p l ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Berrely-supplement.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-supplement.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-supplement.ogg

Word: happening
IPA: h æ p n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-happening.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-happening.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-happening.wav

Word: metallic
IPA: m ɪ t æ l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-metallic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-metallic.wav

Word: baths
IPA: b æ θ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-baths.ogg

Word: bedding
IPA: b ɛ d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-bedding.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bedding.ogg

Word: industrial
IPA: ɪ n d ʌ s t ɹ ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-industrial.ogg

Word: cure
IPA: k j ʊ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cure.ogg

Word: logs
IPA: l ɔ ɡ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-logs.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-logs.ogg

Word: possession
IPA: p ə z ɛ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-possession.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-possession.ogg

Word: blend
IPA: b l ɛ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blend.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blend.ogg

Word: potential
IPA: p o ʊ t ɛ n ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-potential.ogg

Word: pages
IPA: p e ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pages.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pages.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-pages.wav

Word: peer
IPA: p i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-peer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-peer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-peer.ogg

Word: Italian
IPA: a ɪ t æ l j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Italian.ogg

Word: reach
IPA: ɹ iː t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reach.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Patent_filings_for_neural_networks_grew_at_a_rate_of_46_percent_from_2013_to_2016,_reaching_6,506,_the_study_found.ogg

Word: returns
IPA: ɹ ɪ t ɝ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-returns.ogg

Word: tragedy
IPA: t ɹ æ d͡ʒ ɛ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-tragedy.ogg

Word: prints
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-prints.wav

Word: writer
IPA: ɹ a ɪ t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-writer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-writer.ogg

Word: functions
IPA: f ʌ ŋ k ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-functions.ogg

Word: compare
IPA: k ə m p ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-compare.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-compare.wav

Word: Subaru (IPA: s uː b ə r uː) - No audio found

Word: being
IPA: b i ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-being.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-being.ogg

Word: stud
IPA: s t ʌ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-stud.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stud.ogg

Word: January
IPA: d͡ʒ æ n j u æ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-January.ogg

Word: adapter
IPA: ə d æ p t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Ajshul-adapter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-adapter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-adapter.ogg

Word: instead
IPA: ɪ n s t ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-instead.ogg

Word: Irish
IPA: a ɪ ɹ ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Irish.ogg

Word: mothers (IPA: m ʌ ð ɚ z) - No audio found

Word: TV
IPA: t iː v iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-TV.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-TV.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-TV.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-TV.wav

Word: counsel
IPA: k a ʊ n s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-counsel.ogg

Word: lover
IPA: l ʌ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lover.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lover.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-lover.wav

Word: swift
IPA: s w ɪ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-swift.ogg

Word: Raleigh
IPA: ɹ ɑː l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Raleigh.ogg

Word: GUI
IPA: d ʒ iː j uː a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-GUI.ogg

Word: violin
IPA: v a ɪ ə l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-violin.ogg

Word: shipment
IPA: ʃ ɪ p m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-shipment.wav

Word: Bailey
IPA: b e ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bailey.wav

Word: blog
IPA: b l ɒ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-blog.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-blog.ogg

Word: aids
IPA: e ɪ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-AIDS.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-aids.ogg

Word: fee
IPA: f iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-fee.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-fee.ogg

Word: rebound
IPA: ɹ i b a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rebound.wav

Word: header
IPA: h ɛ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-header.ogg

Word: dare
IPA: d ɛ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dare.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-dare.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-dare.ogg

Word: enzyme
IPA: ɛ n z a ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-enzyme.wav

Word: occasionally
IPA: ə k e ɪ ʒ n ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-occasionally.ogg

Word: theories (IPA: θ iː ə ɹ i z) - No audio found

Word: collection
IPA: k ə l ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-collection.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-collection.ogg

Word: bookings (IPA: b ʊ k ɪ ŋ z) - No audio found

Word: bridge
IPA: b ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bridge.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bridge.ogg

Word: Chelsea
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ l s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Chelsea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Rho9998-Chelsea.wav

Word: hunt
IPA: h ʌ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hunt.ogg

Word: bill
IPA: b ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-the_bill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-bill.wav

Word: ride
IPA: ɹ a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ride.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ride.ogg

Word: stroke
IPA: s t ɹ o ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-stroke.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-stroke.ogg

Word: Marie
IPA: m ə ɹ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Marie.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Marie.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Pierre-Marie.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Marie.ogg

Word: retrieve
IPA: ɹ ə t ɹ iː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-retrieve.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-retrieve.flac

Word: spa
IPA: s p ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-spa.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-spa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-spa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-spa.wav

Word: roger
IPA: ɹ ɑ d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roger.ogg

Word: Anaheim (IPA: æ n ə h a ɪ m) - No audio found

Word: possibly
IPA: p ɑ s ə b l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-possibly.ogg

Word: linked
IPA: l ɪ ŋ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-linked.ogg

Word: pocket
IPA: p ɑ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pocket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pocket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pocket.ogg

Word: wanted
IPA: w ɑ n t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wanted.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-wanted.ogg

Word: concerned
IPA: k ə n s ɝ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concerned.ogg

Word: dosage
IPA: d ə ʊ s ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-dosage.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-dosage.wav

Word: disc
IPA: d ɪ s k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-disc.ogg

Word: recommendation
IPA: ɹ ɛ k ə m ə n d e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recommendation.wav

Word: woman
IPA: w o ʊ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/WomanWav.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-woman.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-woman.ogg

Word: yards
IPA: j ɑ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yards.ogg

Word: contacted (IPA: k ə n t æ k t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: absolutely
IPA: æ b s ə l u t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-absolutely.ogg

Word: vocals (IPA: v o ʊ k ə l z) - No audio found

Word: degree
IPA: d ɪ ɡ ɹ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-degree.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-degree.ogg

Word: referral
IPA: ɹ ɪ f ɝ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-referral.ogg

Word: injection
IPA: ɪ n d͡ʒ ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-injection.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-injection.wav

Word: measured
IPA: m ɛ ʒ ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-measured.wav

Word: secured
IPA: s ə k j ɝ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secured.ogg

Word: Rio (IPA: ɹ i o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: condo
IPA: k ɑ n d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-condo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-condo.wav

Word: agents
IPA: e ɪ d͡ʒ ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-agents.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-agents.wav

Word: Moses
IPA: m o ʊ z ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Moses.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Moses.ogg

Word: experiments
IPA: ɪ k s p ɪ ɹ ə m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-experiments.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-experiments.wav

Word: Caroline
IPA: k ɛ ɹ ə l a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Caroline.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Mecanautes-Caroline.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Caroline.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Caroline.wav

Word: coupon
IPA: k uː p ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coupon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-inlandnorth-coupon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-coupon.ogg

Word: warriors
IPA: w ɔ ɹ i ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-warriors.ogg

Word: manchester
IPA: m æ n t͡ʃ ɛ s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-manchester.ogg

Word: golf
IPA: ɡ ɔ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-golf.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-golf.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-golf.ogg

Word: lower
IPA: l a ʊ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lower.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lower_(laur).wav

Word: Baptist
IPA: b æ p t ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Paul2520-Baptist.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Baptist.ogg

Word: withdrawal
IPA: w ɪ θ d ɹ ɔː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-withdrawal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-withdrawal.wav

Word: arrangement
IPA: ə ɹ e ɪ n d͡ʒ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arrangement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-arrangement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-arrangement.ogg

Word: parade
IPA: p ə ɹ e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-parade.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-parade.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-hit-parade.wav

Word: amendment
IPA: ʌ m ɛ n d m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-amendment.wav

Word: hormone
IPA: h o ɹ m o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hormone.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--hormone.ogg

Word: containing
IPA: k ə n t e ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-containing.ogg

Word: alt
IPA: ɑ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/GenAm-alt-recording.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-alt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-alt2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-alt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-alt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-alt.wav

Word: cosmetics (IPA: k ɑ z m ɛ t ɪ k s) - No audio found

Word: definition
IPA: d ɛ f ə n ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-definition.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_definition.ogg

Word: developing
IPA: d ɪ v ɛ l ə p ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-developing.wav

Word: knights
IPA: n a ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-knights.ogg

Word: evaluate
IPA: ɪ̈ v a l j ə w e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-evaluate.ogg

Word: reset
IPA: ɹ ə s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reset1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-reset2.wav

Word: identity
IPA: a ɪ d ɛ n t ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_identity.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-identity.wav

Word: danger
IPA: d e ɪ n d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-danger.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-danger.ogg

Word: blood
IPA: b l ʌ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blood.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-blood.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-blood.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blood.ogg

Word: inflation
IPA: ɪ n f l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-inflation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-inflation.wav

Word: binary
IPA: b a ɪ n ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-binary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-binary_(alternate_pronunciation).oga

Word: bridal
IPA: b ɹ a ɪ d ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bridal.wav

Word: solid
IPA: s ɑ l ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-solid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-solid.ogg

Word: him
IPA: ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-him.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-him.ogg

Word: banks
IPA: b æ ŋ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-banks.ogg

Word: therapeutic
IPA: θ ɛ ɹ ə p j u t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-therapeutic.ogg

Word: empty
IPA: ɛ m p t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-empty.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-empty.ogg

Word: vegetation
IPA: v ɛ d͡ʒ ə t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vegetation.ogg

Word: bulk
IPA: b ʌ l k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bulk.ogg

Word: southern
IPA: s ʌ ð ɚ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-southern.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-southern.ogg

Word: Mexico
IPA: m ɛ k s ɪ k o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Mexico.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mexico.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-Mexico.wav

Word: plus
IPA: p l ʌ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-plus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-plus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-plus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-plus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-plus.ogg

Word: brings
IPA: b ɹ ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-brings.ogg

Word: bo
IPA: b o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-bo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-bo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-bo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-bo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-bo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-bo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-bo.ogg

Word: supreme
IPA: s u p ɹ i m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supreme.ogg

Word: cottage
IPA: k ɑ t ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cottage.ogg

Word: liver
IPA: l ɪ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-liver.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-liver.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-liver.wav

Word: Dan
IPA: d ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Dan.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Dan.wav

Word: empirical
IPA: ɪ m p ɪ ɹ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-empirical.ogg

Word: pairs
IPA: p ɛ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-pairs.wav

Word: is
IPA: ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-is.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-is.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-is.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-is.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-is.ogg

Word: companies
IPA: k ʌ m p ə n i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-companies.ogg

Word: magic
IPA: m æ d͡ʒ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-magic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-magic.wav

Word: turner
IPA: t ɝ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-turner.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-turner.ogg

Word: prime
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ̯ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prime.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-prime2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-prime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--prime.ogg

Word: poet
IPA: p o ʊ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-poet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-poet.ogg

Word: Newark (IPA: n uː ə ɹ k) - No audio found

Word: considerable
IPA: k ə n s ɪ d ə ɹ ə b l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-considerable.ogg

Word: Lucia
IPA: l u s iː ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Lucia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Lucia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Lucia.wav

Word: Bulgarian
IPA: b ʊ l ɡ ɛ ɹ i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Bulgarian.ogg

Word: attending
IPA: ə t ɛ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attending.ogg

Word: felt
IPA: f ɛ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-felt.ogg

Word: id
IPA: ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-id.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-id.wav

Word: diversity
IPA: d a ɪ v ɜː ɹ s ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-diversity.ogg

Word: ideal
IPA: a ɪ d iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ideal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ideal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-ideal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ideal.ogg

Word: ordinance
IPA: o ɹ d n ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ordinance.ogg

Word: linking (IPA: l ɪ ŋ k ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: naughty
IPA: n ɔ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-naughty.ogg

Word: minute
IPA: m ɪ n ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_minute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minute-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minute-adjective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-minute.ogg

Word: granted
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ n t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-granted.ogg

Word: rating
IPA: ɹ e ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-rating.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-rating.wav

Word: burns (IPA: b ɝ n z) - No audio found

Word: offense
IPA: ə f ɛ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-offense.ogg

Word: Christian
IPA: k ɹ ɪ ʃ t͡ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Christian.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Christian.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Christian.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Christian.ogg

Word: liberty
IPA: l ɪ b ɚ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-liberty.ogg

Word: integer
IPA: ɪ n t ɪ d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-integer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-integer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-integer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-integer.ogg

Word: associates
IPA: ə s o ʊ s i e ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associates.ogg

Word: glen
IPA: ɡ l ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-glen.ogg

Word: diverse
IPA: d ɪ v ɝ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-diverse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-diverse.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-diverse.ogg

Word: previous
IPA: p ɹ i v i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-previous.ogg

Word: soma
IPA: s o ʊ m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-soma.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-soma.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-soma.flac

Word: across
IPA: ə k ɹ ɔ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-across.ogg

Word: park
IPA: p ɑ ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-park.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-park.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-park.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-park.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-park.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-park.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-park.ogg

Word: showcase
IPA: ʃ o ʊ k e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-showcase.ogg

Word: reno
IPA: ɹ ɛ n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-reno.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-reno.wav

Word: loved
IPA: l ʌ v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-loved.ogg

Word: suicide
IPA: s u ɪ s a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-suicide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En_US_Suicide.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/fr-us-suicide.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-suicide.wav

Word: spirits
IPA: s p ɪ ɹ ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spirits.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-spirits.wav

Word: questionnaire
IPA: k w ɛ s t͡ʃ ə n ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-questionnaire.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-questionnaire.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-questionnaire.wav

Word: remains
IPA: ɹ ɪ m e ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remains.ogg

Word: wheat
IPA: w iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wheat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-wheat.ogg

Word: connection
IPA: k ə n ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-connection.ogg

Word: coalition
IPA: k o ʊ ə l ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-coalition.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-coalition.wav

Word: oval
IPA: o ʊ v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-oval.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-oval.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-oval.ogg

Word: marine
IPA: m ə ɹ iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-marine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-marine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-marine.wav

Word: Hayes (IPA: h e ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: caroline (IPA: k ɛ ɹ ə l a ɪ n) - No audio found

Word: old
IPA: o ʊ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-old.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-old.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-old.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-old.ogg

Word: oral
IPA: ɑ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-oral.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-oral.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-oral.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-oral.wav

Word: carefully
IPA: k ɛ ɹ f ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-carefully.ogg

Word: Thompson (IPA: t ɑ m p s ə n) - No audio found

Word: remove
IPA: ɹ ɪ m uː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remove.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-remove.ogg

Word: fluid
IPA: f l uː ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fluid.ogg

Word: sheer
IPA: ʃ ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sheer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-sheer.ogg

Word: players
IPA: p l e ɪ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-players.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-players.ogg

Word: Owen
IPA: o ʊ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Owen.ogg

Word: charger
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-charger.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-charger.ogg

Word: yoga
IPA: j o ʊ ɡ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yoga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-yoga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-yoga.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-yoga.flac

Word: reservoir
IPA: ɹ ɛ z ə ɹ v w ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reservoir.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-reservoir.ogg

Word: Issue (IPA: ɪ ʃ j u) - No audio found

Word: significantly
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ɪ f ɪ k ə n t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-significantly.wav

Word: Christ
IPA: k ɹ a ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Christ.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Christ.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Flavie_(Lyokoï)-Jésus-Christ.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Christ.ogg

Word: depot
IPA: d ɛ p o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-depot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-depot.ogg

Word: Ukraine
IPA: j u k ɹ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Ukraine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-l'Ukraine-fr_Be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-Ukraine.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/DE-Ukraine.ogg

Word: dryer
IPA: d ɹ a ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-dryer.wav

Word: focuses (IPA: f o ʊ k ə s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: BANANA
IPA: b ə n æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-banana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-banana.ogg

Word: Mrs
IPA: m ɪ s ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Mrs.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Mrs.ogg

Word: tools
IPA: t uː l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tools.ogg

Word: oops
IPA: ʊ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-oops.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Oops.ogg

Word: diet
IPA: d a ɪ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-diet.ogg

Word: rise
IPA: ɹ a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-rise.ogg

Word: Orange
IPA: ɔ ɹ ə n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange4.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange3.ogg

Word: learn
IPA: l ɝ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-to_learn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-learn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Every_day_I_learn_more_about_this_great_city.ogg

Word: Netherlands
IPA: n ɛ ð ɚ l ə n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Netherlands.ogg

Word: who
IPA: h u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-who.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-who.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-who.wav

Word: jay
IPA: d͡ʒ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-jay.ogg

Word: Pride
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pride.ogg

Word: Teddy
IPA: t ɛ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Teddy.ogg

Word: contest
IPA: k ə n t ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-contest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-contest_(verb).wav

Word: timely
IPA: t a ɪ m l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-timely.wav

Word: when
IPA: ʍ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-when.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-when.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-when.ogg

Word: projects
IPA: p ɹ ɑ d͡ʒ ɪ̈ k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-projects.wav

Word: killed
IPA: k ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-killed.ogg

Word: trusts
IPA: t ɹ ʌ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-trusts.wav

Word: Oklahoma
IPA: o ʊ k l ə h o ʊ m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Oklahoma.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Oklahoma.wav

Word: Delhi
IPA: d ɛ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Delhi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deli.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Delhi2.wav

Word: thought
IPA: θ ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-thought.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thought.ogg

Word: grande
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ n d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-grande.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-grande.wav

Word: natural
IPA: n æ t͡ʃ ə ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-natural.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-natural.wav

Word: region
IPA: ɹ iː d͡ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-region.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-region.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-region.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-region.ogg

Word: leg
IPA: l ɛ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-leg.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-leg.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-leg.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-leg.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-leg.ogg

Word: definitions (IPA: d ɛ f ɪ n ɪ ʃ ə n z) - No audio found

Word: retired
IPA: ɹ ɪ t a ɪ ə ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-retired.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-retired.wav

Word: Baghdad
IPA: b æ ɡ d æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Baghdad.wav

Word: hundred
IPA: h ʌ n d ɹ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hundred.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-hundred.ogg

Word: kent
IPA: k ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-kent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-kent.wav

Word: dear
IPA: d ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dear.ogg

Word: bunch
IPA: b ʌ n t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bunch.ogg

Word: voltage
IPA: v o ʊ l t ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-voltage.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--voltage.ogg

Word: Patrick
IPA: p æ t ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Patrick.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Patrick.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Patrick.ogg

Word: school
IPA: s k uː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-school.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-school.ogg

Word: military
IPA: m ɪ l ɪ t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-military.ogg

Word: poems
IPA: p o ʊ ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-poems.ogg

Word: great
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-great.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_am_in_my_new_apartment!_Great!.ogg

Word: quiz
IPA: k w ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quiz.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-quiz.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-quiz.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-quiz.wav

Word: starter
IPA: s t ɑ ɹ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-starter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-starter.ogg

Word: contrary
IPA: k ɑ n t ɹ ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-contrary.ogg

Word: GDP
IPA: d͡ʒ iː d iː p iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-GDP.ogg

Word: candidate
IPA: k æ n ɪ d ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-candidate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-candidate.wav

Word: Aruba
IPA: ə ɹ uː b ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Aruba.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Aruba.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Aruba.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Aruba.wav

Word: sort
IPA: s o ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-sort.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-sort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-sort.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-sort.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-sort.ogg

Word: Michael
IPA: m a ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Michael.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Michael.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Michael.ogg

Word: nirvana
IPA: n ɚ v æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nirvana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-nirvana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-nirvana.wav

Word: analytical
IPA: æ n ə l ɪ t ə k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-analytical.wav

Word: automation
IPA: ɔ t ə m e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-automation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--automation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-automation.ogg

Word: salt
IPA: s ɔ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-salt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-salt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-salt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-salt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Is-salt.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-salt.ogg

Word: Saudi
IPA: s a ʊ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Saudi.wav

Word: pix
IPA: p ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-pyx.wav

Word: folk
IPA: f o ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-folk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-folk.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-folk.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-folk.ogg

Word: mix
IPA: m ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mix.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-mix.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mix.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-mix.ogg

Word: Moldova
IPA: m ɑ l d o ʊ v ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Moldova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-Moldova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-Moldova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Moldova.flac

Word: estate
IPA: ɪ s t e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-estate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-estate.wav

Word: mold
IPA: m o ʊ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mould.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nb-moll.ogg

Word: when
IPA: w ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-when.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-when.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-when.ogg

Word: hour
IPA: a ʊ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-an_hour.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hour.ogg

Word: entitled
IPA: ɪ n t a ɪ t l̩ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-entitled.wav

Word: helicopter
IPA: h ɛ l ɪ k ɑ p t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-helicopter.ogg

Word: forgot
IPA: f ɚ ɡ ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forgot.ogg

Word: meanwhile
IPA: m iː n w a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-meanwhile.wav

Word: hired
IPA: h a ɪ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hired.ogg

Word: terrible
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-terrible.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-terrible.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-terrible.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodrigo5260-terrible.wav

Word: describe
IPA: d ə s k ɹ a ɪ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-describe.ogg

Word: ranch
IPA: ɹ æ n t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ranch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ranch.ogg

Word: Apache
IPA: ə p æ t͡ʃ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Apache.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-Apache.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Apache.ogg

Word: sierra
IPA: s i ɛ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sierra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sierra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-sierra.wav

Word: Cardiff
IPA: k ɑ ɹ d ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Cardiff.ogg

Word: tomato
IPA: t ə m e ɪ t o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-tomato.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-tomato.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tomato.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-tomato.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-tomato.flac

Word: za
IPA: z ə ˧˥
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-za.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-za.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-za.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Krokus-za.wav

Word: dressing
IPA: d ɹ ɛ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dressing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dressing.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-dressing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-dressing.wav

Word: low
IPA: l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-low.ogg

Word: exceptional
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exceptional.ogg

Word: probably
IPA: p ɹ ɑ ə b l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-probably.ogg

Word: regards
IPA: ɹ ɪ ɡ ɑ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-regards.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-regards.wav

Word: since
IPA: s ɪ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-since.ogg

Word: films
IPA: f ɪ l m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-films.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-films.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-films.wav

Word: maintain
IPA: m e ɪ n t e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-maintain.ogg

Word: lobby
IPA: l ɑ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lobby.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-lobby.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-lobby.wav

Word: Syracuse (IPA: s ɪ ɹ ə k j uː z) - No audio found

Word: io
IPA: a ɪ ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-io.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-io.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-io.ogg

Word: basically
IPA: b e ɪ s ɪ k ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-basically.ogg

Word: arcade
IPA: ɑ ɹ k e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-arcade.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-arcade.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-arcade.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-arcade.wav

Word: Salem (IPA: s e ɪ l ə m) - No audio found

Word: seasons (IPA: s iː z n̩ z) - No audio found

Word: civil
IPA: s ɪ v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-civil.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-civil.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-civil.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-civil.ogg

Word: factor
IPA: f æ k t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-factor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-factor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-factor.wav

Word: cheap
IPA: t͡ʃ i p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cheap.ogg

Word: external
IPA: ɛ k s t ɝ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-external.ogg

Word: intensive
IPA: ɪ n t ɛ n s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-intensive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-intensive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-intensive.ogg

Word: yen
IPA: j ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-yen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-yen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-yen.ogg

Word: revision
IPA: ɹ ə v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-revision.ogg

Word: Devon
IPA: d ɛ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Devon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Devon.ogg

Word: message
IPA: m ɛ s ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-message.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-message.ogg

Word: regulations
IPA: ɹ ɛ ɡ j ʊ l e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-regulations.ogg

Word: hockey
IPA: h ɑ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-hockey.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hockey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-hockey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-hockey.wav

Word: Venice
IPA: v ɛ n ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Venice.wav

Word: skip
IPA: s k ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-skip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-skip.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-skip.wav

Word: harper
IPA: h ɑː ɹ p ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-harper.wav

Word: tray
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tray.ogg

Word: benefit
IPA: b ɛ n ə f ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-benefit.ogg

Word: revenge
IPA: ɹ ɪ v ɛ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-revenge.ogg

Word: both
IPA: b ə ʊ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-both.ogg

Word: coins
IPA: k ɔ ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-coins.wav

Word: bedroom
IPA: b ɛ d ɹ u m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bedroom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_am_in_the_bedroom.ogg

Word: insider
IPA: ɪ n s a ɪ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-insider.wav

Word: allowance
IPA: ə l a ʊ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-allowance.ogg

Word: fridge
IPA: f ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-fridge.ogg

Word: noticed
IPA: n o ʊ t ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-noticed.ogg

Word: Europe
IPA: j ʊ ɚ ə p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Europe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-Europe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Europe.ogg

Word: joke
IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-joke.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-joke.wav

Word: pointer
IPA: p ɔ ɪ n ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pointer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pointer.ogg

Word: snowboard
IPA: s n o ʊ b ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-snowboard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-snowboard.wav

Word: treasurer
IPA: t ɹ ɛ ʒ ə ɹ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-treasurer.ogg

Word: concord
IPA: k ɑ n k ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Concord2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concord.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concord2.wav

Word: drunk
IPA: d ɹ ʌ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drunk.ogg

Word: garlic
IPA: ɡ ɑ ɹ l ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-garlic.ogg

Word: letting
IPA: l ɛ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-letting.ogg

Word: turns
IPA: t ɝ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-turns.ogg

Word: Bhutan
IPA: b uː t æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Bhutan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Bhutan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bhutan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Bhutan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Bhutan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Bhutan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Bhutan.wav

Word: frequent
IPA: f ɹ iː k w ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-frequent-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-frequent-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-frequent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-frequent.ogg

Word: half
IPA: h æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-half.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-half.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-half.ogg

Word: Athens
IPA: æ θ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Athens.opus

Word: provide
IPA: p ɹ ə v a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-provide.ogg

Word: current
IPA: k ɝ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-current.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-current.ogg

Word: his
IPA: h ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-his.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-his.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-his.wav

Word: cotton
IPA: k ɑ t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cotton.ogg

Word: overcome
IPA: o ʊ v ɚ k ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-overcome.ogg

Word: Lewis
IPA: l uː ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Lewis.wav

Word: presentation
IPA: p ɹ ɛ z ə n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-presentation.ogg

Word: medieval
IPA: m ɪ d i v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-medieval.wav

Word: bread
IPA: b ɹ ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-bread.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-bread.ogg

Word: complex
IPA: k ə m p l ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-complex.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-complex-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-complex-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-complex.ogg

Word: was
IPA: w ɑ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-was.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-was2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-was-unstressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-was.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/DE-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/BY-was.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-was.wav

Word: thoroughly
IPA: θ ɜ ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thoroughly.ogg

Word: window
IPA: w ɪ n d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-window.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-window.ogg

Word: mime
IPA: m a ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mime.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-mime.ogg

Word: bears
IPA: b ɛ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bears.ogg

Word: Vietnam
IPA: v i ɛ t n ɑ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Vietnam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Vietnam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Vietnam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Normandie-Viêt-Nam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Nord-Vietnam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Vietnam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Vietnam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Vietnam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Vietnam.wav

Word: indices
IPA: ɪ n d ɪ s iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-indices.ogg

Word: shine
IPA: ʃ aː ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-shine.ogg

Word: oe (IPA: ɔ ɪ) - No audio found

Word: beside
IPA: b ɪ s a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beside.ogg

Word: elder
IPA: ɛ l d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elder.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-elder.wav

Word: healthcare (IPA: h ɛ l θ k ɛ ɚ) - No audio found

Word: preceding
IPA: p ɹ ɪ s iː d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-preceding.ogg

Word: proudly
IPA: p ɹ a ʊ d l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-proudly.ogg

Word: coin
IPA: k ɔ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-coin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-coin.ogg

Word: begun
IPA: b ɪ ɡ ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-begun.ogg

Word: anybody
IPA: ɛ n i b ə d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-anybody.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anybody.ogg

Word: chronicles (IPA: k ɹ ɑ n ɪ k l̩ z) - No audio found

Word: supported
IPA: s ə p ɔ ɹ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supported.ogg

Word: pine
IPA: p a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pine.ogg

Word: excellence
IPA: ɛ k s ə l ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-excellence.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-excellence.ogg

Word: Avon
IPA: e ɪ v ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Avon.wav

Word: setup
IPA: s ɛ t ʌ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-setup.wav

Word: wrestling
IPA: ɹ ɛ s l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-wrestling.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-wrestling.wav

Word: odd
IPA: ɑ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-odd.ogg

Word: career
IPA: k ə ɹ ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-career.ogg

Word: direct
IPA: d a ɪ̯ ə ɹ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-direct.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-direct.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-direct.ogg

Word: prefer
IPA: p ɹ ɪ f ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prefer.ogg

Word: profession
IPA: p ɹ ə f ɛ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-profession.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-profession.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-profession.ogg

Word: array
IPA: ə ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-array.ogg

Word: humanity
IPA: h j u m æ n ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-humanity.ogg

Word: mile
IPA: m a ɪ̯ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-mile.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-mile.wav

Word: monkey
IPA: m ʌ ŋ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-monkey.ogg

Word: join
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-join.ogg

Word: compound
IPA: k ə m p a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-compound_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-compound.ogg

Word: feels
IPA: f i j ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-feels.ogg

Word: decade
IPA: d ɛ k e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-decade.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-decade.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-decade.ogg

Word: classes
IPA: k l æ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-classes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-classes.wav

Word: contain
IPA: k ə n t e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-contain.ogg

Word: blanket
IPA: b l æ ŋ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blanket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-blanket.ogg

Word: festival
IPA: f ɛ s t ə v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-festival.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-festival.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-festival.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--festival.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-festival.wav

Word: harbor
IPA: h ɑ ɹ b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-harbour.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-harbor.ogg

Word: chubby
IPA: t͡ʃ ʌ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chubby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-chubby.oga

Word: tag
IPA: t æ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-tag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-tag.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-tag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-tag.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-tag.ogg

Word: Luxembourg
IPA: l ʌ k s ə m b ɝ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Luxembourg.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Luxembourg.wav

Word: respond
IPA: ɹ ə s p ɑ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-respond.ogg

Word: alias
IPA: e ɪ l i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-alias.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-alias.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Alias.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-alias.ogg

Word: ID
IPA: a ɪ d iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ID.wav

Word: chem
IPA: k ɛ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chem.wav

Word: happened
IPA: h æ p ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-happened.ogg

Word: muscle
IPA: m ʌ s l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-muscle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-muscle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-muscle.wav

Word: breathing
IPA: b ɹ i ð ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-breathing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-breathing.wav

Word: plan
IPA: p l æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-plan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-plan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-plan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-plan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-plan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-plan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-plan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-plan.ogg

Word: quite
IPA: k w a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quite.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-quite_(bull).wav

Word: seats
IPA: s iː t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seats.ogg

Word: hopes
IPA: h o ʊ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hopes.ogg

Word: schedule
IPA: s k ɛ d͡ʒ ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-schedule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-schedule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-schedule.ogg

Word: false
IPA: f ɑ l s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-false.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-false.ogg

Word: digital
IPA: d ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ t l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digital.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-digital.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-digital.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-digital.ogg

Word: vinyl
IPA: v a ɪ n ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vinyl.ogg

Word: UK
IPA: j uː k e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-UK.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-UK.wav

Word: morning
IPA: m ɔ ɹ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-morning.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-morning.ogg

Word: associates
IPA: ə s o ʊ ʃ i e ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associates.ogg

Word: creative
IPA: k ɹ i e ɪ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-creative.wav

Word: maintaining
IPA: m ə n t e ɪ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-maintaining.ogg

Word: expanded
IPA: ɛ k s p æ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expanded.ogg

Word: revolution
IPA: ɹ ɛ v ə l j uː ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-revolution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-revolution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ia-revolution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-revolution.ogg

Word: drama
IPA: d ɹ ɑ m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-drama.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-drama.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-drama.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-drama.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cy-drama.ogg

Word: crystal
IPA: k ɹ ɪ s t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-crystal.ogg

Word: blacks (IPA: b l æ k s) - No audio found

Word: deadly
IPA: d ɛ d l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deadly.ogg

Word: monetary
IPA: m ʌ n ə t ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Monetary_US.ogg

Word: anger
IPA: e ɪ ŋ ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anger.ogg

Word: Gore (IPA: ɡ ɔː ɹ) - No audio found

Word: clan
IPA: k l æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-clan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-clan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-clan.wav

Word: lifetime
IPA: l a ɪ f t a ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lifetime.ogg

Word: formal
IPA: f ɔ ɹ m ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-formal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-formal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-formal.ogg

Word: assessed (IPA: ə s ɛ s t) - No audio found

Word: whatever
IPA: w ʌ t ɛ v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-whatever.ogg

Word: talk
IPA: t ɔ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-talk.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_talk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-talk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Let’s_go_to_my_office_and_talk._―_I_like_to_talk_with_you,_Ms._Weaver.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-talk.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-talk.wav

Word: lives
IPA: l ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lives-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lives-noun.ogg

Word: heights
IPA: h a ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heights.ogg

Word: finals
IPA: f a ɪ n ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-finals.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-finals.wav

Word: enjoyed
IPA: ɛ n d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enjoyed.ogg

Word: representation
IPA: ɹ ɛ p ɹ ə z ɛ n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-representation.ogg

Word: consideration
IPA: k ə n s ɪ d ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consideration.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/In_consideration_of_the_day_and_hour_of_my_birth,.ogg

Word: native
IPA: n e ɪ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-native.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-native.wav

Word: snap
IPA: s n æ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-snap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-snap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-snap.ogg

Word: forecast
IPA: f ɔ ɹ k æ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forecast.ogg

Word: greater
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Greater-pronunciation-us.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-greater.wav

Word: jurisdiction
IPA: d͡ʒ ʊ ɹ ɪ s d ɪ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-jurisdiction.wav

Word: applicable
IPA: ə p l ɪ k ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-applicable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-applicable.wav

Word: discuss
IPA: d ɪ s k ʌ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-discuss.ogg

Word: Myanmar
IPA: m j æ n m ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Myanmar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-Myanmar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Myanmar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Myanmar.wav

Word: delivered
IPA: d ɪ l ɪ v ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-delivered.ogg

Word: council
IPA: k a ʊ n s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-council.ogg

Word: martial
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-martial.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-martial.wav

Word: cutting
IPA: k ʌ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cutting.ogg

Word: ob
IPA: ɒ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ob.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ob.ogg

Word: fare
IPA: f ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fare.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-fare.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-fare.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-fare.wav

Word: elected
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-elected.ogg

Word: exhibit
IPA: ɪ ɡ z ɪ b ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exhibit.ogg

Word: runner
IPA: ɹ ʌ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-runner.ogg

Word: seating (IPA: s iː t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: university
IPA: j u n ɪ v ɚ s ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-university.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-university.ogg

Word: wonderful
IPA: w ʌ n d ɚ f l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wonderful.ogg

Word: rapid
IPA: ɹ æ p ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rapid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-rapid.wav

Word: mathematics
IPA: m æ θ ə m æ t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mathematics.ogg

Word: discrete
IPA: d ɪ s k ɹ iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-discrete.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-discrete.wav

Word: owners
IPA: o ʊ n ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-owners.wav

Word: Afghanistan
IPA: æ f ɡ æ n ɪ s t æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Afghanistan2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Afghanistan.wav

Word: Burns (IPA: b ɝ n z) - No audio found

Word: eau
IPA: j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-eau.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-eau.ogg

Word: vehicle
IPA: v i ə k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vehicle.ogg

Word: kyle
IPA: k a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-kyle.wav

Word: noted
IPA: n o ʊ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-noted.ogg

Word: remain
IPA: ɹ ɪ m e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remain.ogg

Word: theater
IPA: θ i ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-theater.ogg

Word: Ferrari (IPA: f ə ɹ ɑː ɹ i) - No audio found

Word: luxury
IPA: l ʌ ɡ ʒ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-luxury.ogg

Word: hull
IPA: h ʌ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-hull.wav

Word: investigation
IPA: ɪ n v ɛ s t ə ɡ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-investigation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-investigation.ogg

Word: Amanda
IPA: ə m æ n d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Amanda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-Amanda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q188_(deu)-Jeuwre-Amanda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Amanda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Amanda.wav

Word: rotation
IPA: ɹ o ʊ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rotation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Harmonia_Amanda-saut_à_contre-rotation.wav

Word: strict
IPA: s t ɹ ɪ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-strict.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-strict.ogg

Word: Deaf (IPA: d ɛ f) - No audio found

Word: especially
IPA: ɪ s p ɛ ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-especially.ogg

Word: roads
IPA: ɹ o ʊ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roads.ogg

Word: excess
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-excess.ogg

Word: rob
IPA: ɹ ɑ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-Rob.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rob.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-rob.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rob.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-rob.wav

Word: makeup
IPA: m e ɪ k ʌ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-makeup.ogg

Word: residence
IPA: ɹ ɛ z ɪ d ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-residence.ogg

Word: alcohol
IPA: ɑ l k ə h ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alcohol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-alcohol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-alcohol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alcohol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-alcohol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-alcohol.wav

Word: Floyd
IPA: f l ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Floyd.wav

Word: Anna
IPA: æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Anna.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Anna.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-Anna.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Anna.OGG
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Anna2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-Anna.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Anna.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Tashi-Anna.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-ThineCupOverfloweth-Anna.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Anna.wav

Word: conservation
IPA: k ɑ n s ə ɹ v e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-conservation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-conservation.wav

Word: execute
IPA: ɛ k s ɪ k j uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-execute.ogg

Word: ta
IPA: t ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-ta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-ta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-ta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/no-ta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-ta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-ta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-ta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-ta.wav

Word: either
IPA: a ɪ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-either.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-either.ogg

Word: scales
IPA: s k e ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scales.ogg

Word: specific
IPA: s p ɪ s ɪ f ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-specific.ogg

Word: protective
IPA: p ɹ ə t ɛ k t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-protective.wav

Word: civic
IPA: s ɪ v ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-civic.wav

Word: Brunei
IPA: b ɹ uː n a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Brunei.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Brunei.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Brunei.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Brunei.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Brunei.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Brunei-pronunciation-ms.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Brunei.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Brunei.wav

Word: watching
IPA: w ɑ t͡ʃ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-watching.ogg

Word: Terry (IPA: t ɛ ɹ i) - No audio found

Word: Tunisia
IPA: t u n i ʒ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Tunisia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-tunisia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Tunisia.flac

Word: survey
IPA: s ɝ v e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-survey_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-survey_(verb).wav

Word: personal
IPA: p ɝ s ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-personal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-personal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-personal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-mx-personal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-personal.wav

Word: judgment
IPA: d͡ʒ ʌ d͡ʒ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-judgment.ogg

Word: ticket
IPA: t ɪ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-ticket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ticket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ticket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-ticket.ogg

Word: intelligent
IPA: ɪ n t ɛ l ɪ d͡ʒ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intelligent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-intelligent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-intelligent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-intelligent.ogg

Word: simplified
IPA: s ɪ m p l ə f a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-simplified.wav

Word: microwave
IPA: m a ɪ k ɹ ə w e ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-microwave.wav

Word: deposit
IPA: d ɪ p ɑ z ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deposit.ogg

Word: heavily
IPA: h ɛ v ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heavily.ogg

Word: enormous
IPA: i n ɔ ɹ m ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enormous.ogg

Word: uniform
IPA: j u n ɪ f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-uniform.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-uniform.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-uniform.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_uniform.ogg

Word: laptop
IPA: l æ p t ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-laptop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-laptop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-laptop.ogg

Word: fears
IPA: f ɪ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fears.ogg

Word: gasoline
IPA: ɡ æ s l̩ i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gasoline.ogg

Word: scored
IPA: s k ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-scored.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-scored.wav

Word: oldest
IPA: o ʊ l d ə s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-oldest.ogg

Word: bra
IPA: b ɹ ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-bra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-bra.ogg

Word: purchased (IPA: p ɝ t͡ʃ ə s t) - No audio found

Word: challenging
IPA: t͡ʃ æ l ə n d͡ʒ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-challenging.wav

Word: steady
IPA: s t ɛ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-steady.ogg

Word: wed
IPA: w ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wed.ogg

Word: months
IPA: m ʌ n θ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-months.ogg

Word: desire
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desire.ogg

Word: lady
IPA: l e ɪ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lady.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-lady.wav

Word: accurate
IPA: æ k j ɚ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-accurate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-accurate.ogg

Word: mid
IPA: m ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mid.wav

Word: Armenia
IPA: ɑ ɹ m i n i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Armenia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Armenia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Armenia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Armenia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Armenia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Armenia.wav

Word: rows
IPA: ɹ a ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rows.ogg

Word: parker
IPA: p ɑ ɹ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-parker.wav

Word: resource
IPA: ɹ i s ɔ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-resource2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-resource.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-resource.ogg

Word: nice
IPA: n a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nice.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-nice.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-nice.ogg

Word: seriously
IPA: s ɪ ɹ i ə s l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seriously.ogg

Word: ae (IPA: ʌ) - No audio found

Word: regard
IPA: ɹ ɪ ɡ ɑ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-regard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-regard.ogg

Word: minimize
IPA: m ɪ n ə m a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-minimize.wav

Word: X
IPA: k ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:X_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-X.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-X.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-X-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-X.ogg

Word: territories
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ɪ t ɔ ɹ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-territories.ogg

Word: Jerusalem
IPA: d͡ʒ ə ɹ uː z ə l ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jerusalem.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Jerusalem.ogg

Word: para
IPA: p æ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-para_(Spanish).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-para.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-para.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-para.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-para.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-para.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Tl-PH-para.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-para.wav

Word: comparing
IPA: k ə m p ɛ ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comparing.ogg

Word: asset
IPA: æ s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-asset.ogg

Word: steps
IPA: s t ɛ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-steps.ogg

Word: Minnesota
IPA: m ɪ n ɪ s o ʊ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Minnesota.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Minnesota-1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Minnesota.ogg

Word: helmet
IPA: h ɛ l m ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Benoît_Prieur-helmet.wav

Word: currency
IPA: k ɝ ə n s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-currency.ogg

Word: wright (IPA: ɹ a ɪ t) - No audio found

Word: WAV (IPA: w æ v) - No audio found

Word: participate
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t ɪ s ə p e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-participate.ogg

Word: confirmed
IPA: k ə n f ɝ m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-confirmed.ogg

Word: corporate
IPA: k ɔ ɹ p ɹ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-corporate.ogg

Word: charms
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-charms.ogg

Word: corps
IPA: k o ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-corps.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-corps.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-corps.ogg

Word: Mediterranean
IPA: m ɛ d ɪ t ə ɹ e ɪ n ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Mediterranean.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Mediterranean.wav

Word: powers
IPA: p a ʊ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-powers.ogg

Word: stones
IPA: s t o ʊ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stones.ogg

Word: gi
IPA: ɡ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/no-gi.ogg

Word: van
IPA: v æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-van.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-van.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-van.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-van.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-van.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-van.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-van.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-van.ogg

Word: jones
IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jones.ogg

Word: adoption
IPA: ə d ɑ p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-adoption.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-adoption.ogg

Word: chorus
IPA: k ɔ ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chorus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-chorus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-chorus.wav

Word: manufacture
IPA: m æ n j u f æ k t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-manufacture.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-manufacture.wav

Word: fuel
IPA: f ɪ u̯ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-fuel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-fuel.wav

Word: suspension
IPA: s ə s p ɛ n ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-suspension.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-suspension.wav

Word: ourselves
IPA: ɑ ɹ s ɛ l v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ourselves.ogg

Word: Brisbane
IPA: b ɹ ɪ z b ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Brisbane.oga

Word: alive
IPA: ə l a ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-alive.wav

Word: Pa
IPA: p aː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pa.wav

Word: answered
IPA: æ n s ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-answered.ogg

Word: alarm
IPA: ə l ɑ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alarm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alarm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-alarm.ogg

Word: arrive
IPA: ə ɹ a ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-arrive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-arrive.wav

Word: want
IPA: w ɑ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_want.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-want.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-want.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_want_to_find_a_supermarket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-want.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-want.ogg

Word: promised
IPA: p ɹ ɑ m ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-promised.ogg

Word: swim
IPA: s w ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-swim.ogg

Word: Ken
IPA: k ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ken.ogg

Word: vessel
IPA: v ɛ s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vessel.ogg

Word: expressed
IPA: ɛ k s p ɹ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expressed.ogg

Word: drilling (IPA: d ɹ ɪ l ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: Vi (IPA: v a ɪ) - No audio found

Word: Tex (IPA: t ɛ k s) - No audio found

Word: historic
IPA: h ɪ s t ɔ ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-historic.ogg

Word: Sol (IPA: s o ʊ l) - No audio found

Word: roof
IPA: ɹ u f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roof.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roof2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-roof.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-roof.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-roof.ogg

Word: husband
IPA: h ʌ z b ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-husband.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-husband.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-husband.wav

Word: labels
IPA: l e ɪ b ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-labels.ogg

Word: apple
IPA: æ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-apple.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-apple.ogg

Word: trademark
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ d m ɑː ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trademark.ogg

Word: love
IPA: l ʌ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-love.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-love.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-love.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-love.wav

Word: entrance
IPA: ɛ n t ɹ æ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-entrance.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-entrance-verb.ogg

Word: something
IPA: s ʌ m θ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-something.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-something.ogg

Word: Macedonia
IPA: m æ s ə d o ʊ n j ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Macedonia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Macedonia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Macedonia.wav

Word: Hawaii
IPA: h ə v ɑː ʔ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Hawaii.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Hawaii.ogg

Word: cooper
IPA: k uː p ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cooper.wav

Word: sin
IPA: s iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-sin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Is-sin.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-sin.wav

Word: highly
IPA: h a ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-highly.ogg

Word: would
IPA: w ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-would.ogg

Word: sounds
IPA: s a ʊ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-sounds.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sounds.ogg

Word: hot
IPA: h ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-hot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-hot.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-hot.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/sv-hot.ogg

Word: opinions
IPA: ə p ɪ n j ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-opinions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-opinions.wav

Word: yeah
IPA: j æ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yeah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yeah-interjection.ogg

Word: may
IPA: m e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-May.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-may.wav

Word: oh
IPA: o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-oh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-oh-surprise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-oh-realization.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-oh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-oh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-oh.ogg

Word: applied
IPA: ə p l a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-applied.ogg

Word: en
IPA: ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-en1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-en2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-en3.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-en4.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-en.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Az-az-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Lb-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nb--en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-en.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-en.wav

Word: blind
IPA: b l a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-blind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-blind.ogg

Word: paragraph
IPA: p ɛ ɹ ə ɡ ɹ æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-paragraph.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paragraph.ogg

Word: lenses (IPA: l ɛ n z ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: furniture
IPA: f ɝ n ɪ t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-furniture.ogg

Word: triangle
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ æ ŋ ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-triangle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-triangle.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-triangle.ogg

Word: Boston
IPA: b ɔ s t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-va-Boston.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Boston.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Boston.ogg

Word: parliament
IPA: p ɑ ɹ l ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-parliament.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-parliament.ogg

Word: mines
IPA: m a ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-mines.wav

Word: dimensions
IPA: d a ɪ m ɛ n ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-dimensions.wav

Word: shoot
IPA: ʃ uː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-shoot.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shoot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-shoot.wav

Word: traveler
IPA: t ɹ æ v l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traveller.ogg

Word: spas (IPA: s p ɑː z) - No audio found

Word: broader
IPA: b ɹ ɔ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-broader.ogg

Word: proceed
IPA: p ɹ ə s i d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-proceed.ogg

Word: Valium
IPA: v æ l j ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Valium.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En_US_Valium.wav

Word: lit
IPA: l ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-lit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-lit.ogg

Word: implementation
IPA: ɪ m p l ə m ɛ n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-implementation.ogg

Word: located
IPA: l o ʊ k e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-located.ogg

Word: except
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-except.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-except.ogg

Word: Guatemala
IPA: ɡ w ɑː t ə m ɑː l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Guatemala.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Guatemala.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Guatemala.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Guatemala.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Guatemala.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Guatemala.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Guatemala.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Guatemala.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Guatemala.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Guatemala.wav

Word: Jeff (IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ f) - No audio found

Word: nylon
IPA: n a ɪ l ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nylon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-nylon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-nylon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-nylon.ogg

Word: rescue
IPA: ɹ ɛ s k j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rescue.ogg

Word: needed
IPA: n i d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-needed.ogg

Word: participation
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t ɪ s ɪ p e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-participation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-participation.wav

Word: Rom
IPA: ɹ o ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Rom.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Rom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Rom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Rom.wav

Word: between
IPA: b ɪ t w i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-between.ogg

Word: renaissance
IPA: ɹ ɛ n ə s ɑ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Renaissance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Renaissance_fr.wav

Word: acceptance
IPA: ə k s ɛ p t ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-acceptance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_acceptance.ogg

Word: are
IPA: ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-are.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Here_we_are!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-are.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-are.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-are.wav

Word: creek
IPA: k ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-creek.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-creek-southern.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_creek.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-creek.ogg

Word: Oxford
IPA: ɑ k s f ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Oxford.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Oxford.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-Oxford.wav

Word: subjective
IPA: s ʌ b d͡ʒ ɛ k t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-subjective.wav

Word: creator
IPA: k ɹ i e ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-creator.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-creator.wav

Word: not
IPA: n ɑ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-not.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-not.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-not.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Oh,_Pete._This_is_not_the_gym.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-not.ogg

Word: routing
IPA: ɹ u t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-routing_(oo).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-routing_(au).wav

Word: commons
IPA: k ɑ m ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commons.ogg

Word: blah
IPA: b l a
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-blah.wav

Word: indicates (IPA: ɪ n d ɪ k e ɪ t s) - No audio found

Word: Venezuela
IPA: v ɛ n ɪ z w e ɪ l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Venezuela.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Venezuela.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Venezuela.wav

Word: worldwide
IPA: w ɝ l d w a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-worldwide.ogg

Word: his
IPA: ɪ̈ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-his.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-his.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-his.wav

Word: ut
IPA: ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--ut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ut.ogg

Word: hours
IPA: a ʊ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hours.ogg

Word: dial
IPA: d a ɪ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-dial.ogg

Word: messenger
IPA: m ɛ s n̩ d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-messenger.ogg

Word: recreation
IPA: ɹ ɛ k ɹ i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recreation_(fun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recreation_(recreate).wav

Word: holiday
IPA: h ɑ l ə d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-holiday.ogg

Word: Algeria
IPA: æ l d ʒ ɪ ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Algeria.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-Algeria.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Algeria.flac

Word: perfume
IPA: p ɚ f j uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-perfume.ogg

Word: SAT
IPA: s æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-SAT.ogg

Word: beverage
IPA: b ɛ v ə ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beverage.ogg

Word: flexible
IPA: f l ɛ k s ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flexible.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-flexible.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-flexible.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-flexible.ogg

Word: edit
IPA: ɛ d ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-edit.wav

Word: road
IPA: ɹ o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_road.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-road.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-road.ogg

Word: wedding
IPA: w ɛ d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wedding.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-wedding.ogg

Word: Thailand
IPA: t a ɪ l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Thailand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Thailand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Thailand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Thailand.wav

Word: gains (IPA: ɡ e ɪ n z) - No audio found

Word: elite
IPA: ɪ l i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-elite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-elite.ogg

Word: improved
IPA: ɪ m p ɹ uː v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-improved.ogg

Word: covered
IPA: k ʌ v ə ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-covered.ogg

Word: Leon
IPA: l i ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Leon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-León.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Leon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Leon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Leon.wav

Word: excuse
IPA: ɪ k s k j u z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excuse-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excuse-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-excuse.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-excuse.ogg

Word: objects (IPA: ə b d͡ʒ ɛ k t s) - No audio found

Word: separate
IPA: s ɛ p ɹ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separate-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-separate.ogg

Word: exotic
IPA: ɪ ɡ z ɑ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-exotic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-exotic.wav

Word: adolescent
IPA: æ d ə l ɛ s ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-adolescent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-adolescent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-adolescent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-adolescent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-adolescent.wav

Word: commodity
IPA: k ə m ɑ d ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-commodity.wav

Word: hack
IPA: h æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-hack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-hack.ogg

Word: cabinet
IPA: k æ b n ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cabinet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-cabinet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-cabinet.wav

Word: hacker
IPA: h æ k ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-hacker.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-hacker.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Ltrlg-hacker.wav

Word: staying
IPA: s t e ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-staying.ogg

Word: Missouri
IPA: m ɪ z ɝ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Missouri.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Missouri-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Missouri.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Missouri.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Missouri.wav

Word: controversy
IPA: k ɒ n t ɹ ə v ɜː s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-controversy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-controversy.ogg

Word: others
IPA: ʌ ð ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-others.ogg

Word: editing
IPA: ɛ d ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-editing.ogg

Word: attach
IPA: ə t æ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-attach.wav

Word: electoral
IPA: ə l ɛ k t o ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-electoral.wav

Word: collect
IPA: k ɑ l ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-collect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-collect2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_team_uses_special_equipment_to_collect_data_on_temperature,_wind_speed_and_rainfall.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-collect.wav

Word: def
IPA: d ɛ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-def.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wo-def.ogg

Word: Britney
IPA: b ɹ ɪ t n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Britney.ogg

Word: upset
IPA: ʌ p s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-upset.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-upset-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-upset-verb-adj.ogg

Word: management
IPA: m æ n ɪ d͡ʒ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-management.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-management.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-management.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-management.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-management.wav

Word: Savannah (IPA: s ə v æ n ə) - No audio found

Word: browsing (IPA: b ɹ a ʊ z ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: Hispanic
IPA: h ɪ s p æ n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Hispanic.wav

Word: lead
IPA: l i d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-lead-metal.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-lead-guide.oga

Word: really
IPA: ɹ ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-really.ogg

Word: complex
IPA: k ɑ m p l ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-complex.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-complex-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-complex-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-complex.ogg

Word: oxygen
IPA: ɒ k s ɪ d͡ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-oxygen.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-oxygen.ogg

Word: silicon
IPA: s ɪ l ə k ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-silicon.ogg

Word: null
IPA: n ʌ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-null.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-null.ogg

Word: our
IPA: ɑː ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our-2.ogg

Word: rocky
IPA: ɹ ɑ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-rocky.ogg

Word: Sweden
IPA: s w i d ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Sweden.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Sweden.ogg

Word: regardless
IPA: ɹ ɪ ɡ ɑː d l ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-regardless.wav

Word: accepting
IPA: ə k s ɛ p t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accepting.ogg

Word: porcelain
IPA: p ɔ ɹ s ə l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-porcelain.wav

Word: spaces
IPA: s p e ɪ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-spaces.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-spaces.wav

Word: China
IPA: t͡ʃ a ɪ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gb-china.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-china.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-China.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-China.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-China.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-China.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-China.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-China.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-China.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-China.flac

Word: blow
IPA: b l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blow.ogg

Word: project
IPA: p ɹ ɑ d͡ʒ ɪ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-project-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-project.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-project-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_proposal_with_China_would_involve_a_project_to_create_artificial_rain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-project.ogg

Word: attacked
IPA: ə t æ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attacked.ogg

Word: simply
IPA: s ɪ m p l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-simply.ogg

Word: spouse
IPA: s p a ʊ̯ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spouse.ogg

Word: electronic
IPA: ə l ɛ k t ɹ ɑ n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-electronic.ogg

Word: Chile
IPA: t͡ʃ iː l e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/es-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Chile.wav

Word: abortion
IPA: ə b ɔ ɹ ʃ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-abortion.ogg

Word: Albany (IPA: ɒ l b ə n i) - No audio found

Word: restore
IPA: ɹ ɪ s t ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-restore.ogg

Word: develop
IPA: d ɪ v ɛ l ə p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-develop.ogg

Word: Carlo (IPA: k ɑ ɹ l o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: push
IPA: p ʌ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-push.ogg

Word: ancient
IPA: e ɪ ŋ k ʃ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ancient.ogg

Word: genius
IPA: d͡ʒ i n i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-genius.ogg

Word: negotiation
IPA: n ɪ ɡ o ʊ ʃ i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-negotiation.ogg

Word: washer
IPA: w ɑ ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-washer.ogg

Word: spam
IPA: s p æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-spam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-spam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-spam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-spam.wav

Word: poker
IPA: p o ʊ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-poker.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-poker.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-poker.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-poker.wav

Word: genesis
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ə s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-genesis.wav

Word: Kentucky
IPA: k ə n t ʌ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Kentucky.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Kentucky.oga

Word: insulation
IPA: ɪ n s ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-insulation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-insulation.ogg

Word: quantity
IPA: k w ɑ n t ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-quantity.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quantity2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-quantity.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-quantity.ogg

Word: wages
IPA: w e ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wages.ogg

Word: practices
IPA: p ɹ æ k t ɪ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-practices.ogg

Word: engineers
IPA: ɛ n d͡ʒ ɪ n ɪ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-engineers.ogg

Word: google
IPA: ɡ uː ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-googol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-google.ogg

Word: deluxe
IPA: d ə l ʌ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-deluxe.ogg

Word: barrel
IPA: b ɛ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-Barrel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-barrel.ogg

Word: unlike
IPA: ʌ n l a ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unlike.ogg

Word: relationship
IPA: ɹ ɪ l e ɪ ʃ ə n ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-relationship.ogg

Word: flooring
IPA: f l ɔː r ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-flooring.wav

Word: newbie
IPA: n uː b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-newbie.ogg

Word: concord
IPA: k ɑ n k ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Concord2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concord.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concord2.wav

Word: Mastercard
IPA: m æ s t ə ɹ k ɑː ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Mastercard.oga

Word: varies
IPA: v ɛ ɹ iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-varies.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-varies.ogg

Word: mentor
IPA: m ɛ n t ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mentor.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mentor.ogg

Word: every
IPA: ɛ v ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-every.ogg

Word: King (IPA: k iː ŋ) - No audio found

Word: thousands
IPA: θ a ʊ z n̩ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thousands.ogg

Word: soldiers
IPA: s o ʊ l d͡ʒ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-soldiers.ogg

Word: applying
IPA: ə p l a ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-applying.ogg

Word: musician
IPA: m j u z ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-musician.ogg

Word: transform
IPA: t ɹ æ n s f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-transform_(noun).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-transform.ogg

Word: os
IPA: o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-ós.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-os.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Os-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-os.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-os.ogg

Word: association
IPA: ə s o ʊ ʃ i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-association.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-association.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--association.ogg

Word: zinc
IPA: z ɪ ŋ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-zinc.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-zinc.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-zinc.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-zinc.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-zinc.wav

Word: anna
IPA: æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-anna.wav

Word: overnight
IPA: ə ʊ v ə ɹ n a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-overnight.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-overnight.ogg

Word: medical
IPA: m ɛ d ɪ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-medical.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-medical.wav

Word: variation
IPA: v ɛ ɹ i e ɪ ʃ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-variation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-variation2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-variation.ogg

Word: theatre
IPA: θ ɪ ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-theatre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-theatre.ogg

Word: our
IPA: æ ʊ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our-2.ogg

Word: thread
IPA: θ ɹ ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thread.ogg

Word: theta
IPA: θ e ɪ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-theta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-theta.wav

Word: Sun
IPA: s ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Sun.ogg

Word: closing
IPA: k l o ʊ z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-closing.ogg

Word: including
IPA: ɪ n k l uː d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-including.ogg

Word: gravity
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ v ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gravity.ogg

Word: competing
IPA: k ə m p iː t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-competing.wav

Word: Minneapolis
IPA: m ɪ n i æ p ə l ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Minneapolis.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Minneapolis.ogg

Word: jean
IPA: d͡ʒ iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-jean.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-jean.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-jean.wav

Word: neo (IPA: n iː ə ʊ) - No audio found

Word: boys
IPA: b ɔ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boys.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-boys.ogg

Word: intervals
IPA: ɪ n t ɚ v ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intervals.ogg

Word: harmful
IPA: h ɑ ɹ m f l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-harmful.ogg

Word: grey
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-grey.wav

Word: apply
IPA: æ p ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-apply.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-apply.wav

Word: shower
IPA: ʃ a ʊ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-shower.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-shower_(show).wav

Word: Hungary
IPA: h ʌ ŋ ɡ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Hungary.ogg

Word: Americas
IPA: ə m ɛ ɹ ɪ k ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Americas.wav

Word: data
IPA: d æ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-data1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-data2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-data.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-data.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-data.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-data.flac

Word: cowboy
IPA: k a ʊ b ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cowboy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cowboy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-cowboy.wav

Word: approve
IPA: ə p ɹ uː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-approve.wav

Word: ai
IPA: ɑ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ai_(sloth).oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eye.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ai.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-ai.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-ai.wav

Word: efforts
IPA: ɛ f ɚ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-efforts.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-efforts.wav

Word: guests
IPA: ɡ ɛ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guests.ogg

Word: Gen
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Gen.ogg

Word: behind
IPA: b ə h a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-behind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-behind.ogg

Word: dan
IPA: d æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-dan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-dan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-dan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-dan.ogg

Word: grown
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-grown.ogg

Word: clause
IPA: k l ɔ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clause.ogg

Word: extends (IPA: ɛ k s t ɛ n d z) - No audio found

Word: boxes
IPA: b ɑ k s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boxes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-boxes.wav

Word: more
IPA: m ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-more.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-more.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-more.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-more.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-cap-de-more.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-more.ogg

Word: madison
IPA: m æ d ɪ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-madison.wav

Word: rugby
IPA: ɹ ʌ ɡ b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-rugby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-rugby.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-rugby-ragby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rugby.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-rugby.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-rugby.wav

Word: essays
IPA: ɛ s e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-essays.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-essays.ogg

Word: Benjamin
IPA: b ɛ n d͡ʒ ə m ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Benjamin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Benjamin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Benjamin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Benjamin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Benjamin.ogg

Word: input
IPA: ɪ n p ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-input.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-input.ogg

Word: hourly
IPA: a ʊ̯ ɚ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-hourly.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hourly.oga

Word: verify
IPA: v ɛ ɹ ɪ f a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-verify.wav

Word: connections
IPA: k ə n ɛ k ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-connections.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-connections.wav

Word: Yu (IPA: j u) - No audio found

Word: thereof
IPA: ð ɛ ɹ ʌ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thereof.ogg

Word: society
IPA: s ə s a ɪ ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-society.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-society.ogg

Word: adapted
IPA: ə d æ p t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-adapted.ogg

Word: RIP
IPA: ɹ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-RIP.wav

Word: homework
IPA: h o ʊ m w ɝ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-homework.wav

Word: feat
IPA: f iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-feat.wav

Word: purse
IPA: p ɝ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-purse.ogg

Word: saints
IPA: s e ɪ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-saints.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-saints.wav

Word: protocol
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ t ə k ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-protocol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-protocol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-protocol.ogg

Word: merger
IPA: m ɝ d͡ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-merger.wav

Word: perhaps
IPA: p ɹ æ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-perhaps.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-perhaps.ogg

Word: January
IPA: d͡ʒ æ n j u ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-January.ogg

Word: broadcast
IPA: b ɹ ɔ d k æ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-broadcast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-broadcast.ogg

Word: exchange
IPA: ɛ k s t͡ʃ e ɪ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exchange.ogg

Word: pictures
IPA: p ɪ k t͡ʃ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pictures.ogg

Word: respect
IPA: ɹ ɪ s p ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-respect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-respect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-respect.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Respect-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-respect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-respect.wav

Word: baker
IPA: b e ɪ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-baker.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-baker.ogg

Word: holder
IPA: h o ʊ ɫ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-holder.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-holder.ogg

Word: accreditation
IPA: ə k ɹ ɛ d ɪ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-accreditation.ogg

Word: grill
IPA: ɡ ɹ ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_grill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-grill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--grill.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-grill.ogg

Word: heater
IPA: h i t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heater.ogg

Word: bases
IPA: b e ɪ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bases.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bases2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bases.ogg

Word: elements
IPA: ɛ l ə m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-elements.ogg

Word: subsequently
IPA: s ʌ b s ɪ k w ə n t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-subsequently.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-subsequently.ogg

Word: S
IPA: s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:S_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-S-letter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-S.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-s.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-S-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-S.OGG
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-s.ogg

Word: sail
IPA: s e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-sail.wav

Word: flesh
IPA: f l ɛ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flesh.ogg

Word: campaigns (IPA: k æ m p e ɪ n z) - No audio found

Word: aimed
IPA: e ɪ m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aimed.ogg

Word: wake
IPA: w e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-wake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-wake.flac

Word: choose
IPA: t͡ʃ uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-choose.ogg

Word: free
IPA: f ɹ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-free.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-free.ogg

Word: narrative
IPA: n æ ɹ ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-narrative.ogg

Word: ward
IPA: w ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ward.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ward.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-ward.wav

Word: grass
IPA: ɡ ɹ ɑː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-grass.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-grass.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grass.ogg

Word: falling
IPA: f ɔ l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-falling.ogg

Word: females
IPA: f iː m e ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-females.ogg

Word: paper
IPA: p e ɪ p ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paper.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-paper.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-paper.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-paper.ogg

Word: frame
IPA: f ɹ e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-frame.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-frame.ogg

Word: elimination
IPA: ɪ l ɪ m ɪ n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elimination.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-elimination.wav

Word: process
IPA: p ɹ ə s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-process.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-process.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-process.ogg

Word: flows
IPA: f l o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-flows.ogg

Word: headed
IPA: h ɛ d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-headed.wav

Word: friendship
IPA: f ɹ ɛ n d ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-friendship.ogg

Word: principal
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n s ə p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-principal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-principal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-principal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-principal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-principal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-principal.wav

Word: sound
IPA: s a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sound.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sound_Effect_-_Door_Bell.ogg

Word: Bon
IPA: b ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Bon.ogg

Word: Case
IPA: k e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-case.ogg

Word: Danish
IPA: d e ɪ n ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Danish.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Qwertygiy-danish.wav

Word: offset
IPA: ɔ f s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-offset1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-offset2.wav

Word: title
IPA: t a ɪ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-title.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-title.ogg

Word: Carolina
IPA: k ɛ ɹ ə l a ɪ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Carolina.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-carolina.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-carolina.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Carolina.wav

Word: trust
IPA: t ɹ ʌ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trust.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-trust.wav

Word: Brad
IPA: b ɹ æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Brad.wav

Word: fast
IPA: f æ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-fast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fast2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-fast.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fast3.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-fast.ogg

Word: norman
IPA: n ɔ ɹ m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-norman.wav

Word: development
IPA: d ɪ v ɛ l ə p m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-development.ogg

Word: Budapest
IPA: b ʊ d ə p ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Budapest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Budapest.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Budapest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-Budapest.ogg

Word: aggressive
IPA: ə ɡ ɹ ɛ s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aggressive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-aggressive.ogg

Word: stamp
IPA: s t æ m p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stamp.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-stamp.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-stamp.ogg

Word: Brazil
IPA: b ɹ æ z ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Brazil.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Brazil.wav

Word: dice
IPA: d a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dice.ogg

Word: Zambia
IPA: z æ m b i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Zambia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Zambia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Zambia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Zambia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Zambia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Zambia.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Zambia.wav

Word: Nokia (IPA: n o ʊ k i ə) - No audio found

Word: literally
IPA: l ɪ ɾ ə ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Literally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-literally.ogg

Word: before
IPA: b i f ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-before.ogg

Word: bishop
IPA: b ɪ ʃ ə p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-bishop.ogg

Word: errors
IPA: ɛ ɹ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-errors.ogg

Word: vinyl
IPA: v a ɪ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vinyl.ogg

Word: fine
IPA: f iː n e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-fine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-fine.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-fine.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-fine.ogg

Word: spouse
IPA: s p a ʊ̯ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spouse.ogg

Word: Wu (IPA: w uː) - No audio found

Word: safely
IPA: s e ɪ f l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-safely.ogg

Word: Bradford
IPA: b ɹ æ d f ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Bradford.ogg

Word: Paraguay
IPA: p æ ɹ ə ɡ w e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Paraguay.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Paraguay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Paraguay.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Paraguay.wav

Word: logistics
IPA: l ə d͡ʒ ɪ s t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-logistics.wav

Word: login
IPA: l ɒ ɡ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-login.ogg

Word: movements
IPA: m uː v m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-movements.ogg

Word: couples
IPA: k ʌ p ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-couples.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-couples.wav

Word: engineering
IPA: ɛ n d͡ʒ ɪ n ɪ ə ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-engineering.ogg

Word: accomplish
IPA: ə k ɑ m p l ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-accomplish.ogg

Word: banana
IPA: b ə n æ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-banana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-banana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-banana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-banana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Yiyi-banana.wav

Word: junior
IPA: d͡ʒ u n i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-junior.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-junior.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-VictorDtmtc-junior.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-junior.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-junior.wav

Word: shared
IPA: ʃ ɛ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shared.ogg

Word: be
IPA: b i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-be.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q35735-Davidgrosclaude-be.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-be.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Letter_b_es_es.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-be.ogg

Word: secrets
IPA: s iː k ɹ ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secrets.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-secrets.wav

Word: logos
IPA: l o ʊ ɡ o ʊ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-logos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-logos.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-logos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-logos-Ar-Rosario.ogg

Word: token
IPA: t o ʊ k ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-token.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-token.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-token.ogg

Word: Steve
IPA: s t iː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Steve.wav

Word: airports (IPA: ɛ ɹ p o ɹ t s) - No audio found

Word: angry
IPA: æ ŋ ɡ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-angry.ogg

Word: champion
IPA: t͡ʃ æ m p i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-champion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-champion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-champion.ogg

Word: interesting
IPA: ɪ n t ɹ ɪ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interesting-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interesting.ogg

Word: viruses (IPA: v a ɪ ɹ ə s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: lease
IPA: l iː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lease.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lease.ogg

Word: Logan (IPA: l o ʊ ɡ ə n) - No audio found

Word: acquisition
IPA: æ k w ə z ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-acquisition.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-acquisition.ogg

Word: xi
IPA: k s iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-xi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-xi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-xi.wav

Word: ham
IPA: h æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-ham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-ham.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-ham.wav

Word: Pole
IPA: p o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pole.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Pole.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-Pole.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Pole.ogg

Word: cologne
IPA: k ə l o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7979-Soundguys-cologne.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Arlo_Barnes-cologne.wav

Word: Chile
IPA: t͡ʃ i l e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/es-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Chile.wav

Word: predicted
IPA: p ɹ ɪ d ɪ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-predicted.ogg

Word: snow
IPA: s n o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-snow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-snow.ogg

Word: distance
IPA: d ɪ s t ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-distance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-distance.ogg

Word: bands
IPA: b æ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bands.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bands.ogg

Word: liquid
IPA: l ɪ k w ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-liquid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-liquid.wav

Word: missions
IPA: m ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-missions.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-missions.wav

Word: Lindsay (IPA: l ɪ n z i) - No audio found

Word: unless
IPA: ə n l ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unless.ogg

Word: excessive
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-excessive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-excessive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-excessive.ogg

Word: container
IPA: k ə n t e ɪ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-container.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-container.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-container.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-container.wav

Word: attractive
IPA: ə t ɹ æ k t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-attractive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--attractive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-attractive.ogg

Word: reel
IPA: ɹ iː ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reel.ogg

Word: sense
IPA: s ɛ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sense.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-sense.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-sense.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-sense.wav

Word: Griffin (IPA: ɡ ɹ ɪ f ɪ n) - No audio found

Word: Wikipedia
IPA: w ɪ k ə p iː d i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Wikipedia2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Wikipedia.ogg

Word: tear
IPA: t ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-tear-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-tear-noun.ogg

Word: Dublin
IPA: d ʌ b l ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dublin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Dublin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Dublin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--Dublin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Dublin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Dublin.ogg

Word: fork
IPA: f o ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_fork.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fork.ogg

Word: certainly
IPA: s ɝ t n̩ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-certainly.ogg

Word: white
IPA: w a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-white.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-white.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Exilexi-white.wav

Word: cognitive
IPA: k ɑ ɡ n ɪ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cognitive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Ajshul-cognitive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-cognitive.wav

Word: subsidiary
IPA: s ʌ b s ɪ d͡ʒ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-subsidiary.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-subsidiary.wav

Word: breaks
IPA: b ɹ e ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-breaks.ogg

Word: pretty
IPA: p ɔ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pretty.ogg

Word: Uzbekistan
IPA: ʊ z b ɛ k ɪ s t ɑː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Uzbekistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Uzbekistan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Uzbekistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Uzbekistan.wav

Word: castle
IPA: k æ s l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-castle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-castle.ogg

Word: costume
IPA: k ɑ s t ʊ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-costume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-costume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-costume.wav

Word: documentation
IPA: d ɑ k j ə m ə n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-documentation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-documentation.wav

Word: generation
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-generation.ogg

Word: process
IPA: p ɹ ɑ s ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-process.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-process.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-process.ogg

Word: Polish
IPA: p o ʊ l ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Polish_proper.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Polish.ogg

Word: translator
IPA: t ɹ æ n z l e ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-translator.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-translator.wav

Word: allied
IPA: ə l a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-allied_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-allied.ogg

Word: Auckland
IPA: ɔː k l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC_Auckland.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Auckland.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Auckland.wav

Word: testing
IPA: t ɛ s t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-testing.oga

Word: theorem
IPA: θ ɪ ə ɹ ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-theorem.wav

Word: tricks
IPA: t ɹ ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tricks.ogg

Word: acid
IPA: æ s ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-acid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-acid.ogg

Word: busy
IPA: b ɪ z i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-busy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-busy.ogg

Word: mars
IPA: m ɑ ɹ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-mars.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-mars.ogg

Word: ignored (IPA: ɪ ɡ n ɔ ɹ d) - No audio found

Word: transsexual
IPA: t ɹ æ n z s ɛ k ʃ u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-US-transsexual.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-transsexual.wav

Word: jewel
IPA: d͡ʒ u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jewel.ogg

Word: suburban (IPA: s ə b ɜː ɹ b ə n) - No audio found

Word: exam
IPA: ɛ ɡ z æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-an_exam.ogg

Word: diseases
IPA: d ɪ z i z ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-diseases.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-diseases.wav

Word: Harley (IPA: h ɑ ɹ l i) - No audio found

Word: pipes
IPA: p a ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pipes.ogg

Word: blond
IPA: b l ɑ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-blond.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-blond.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blond.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-blond.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-blond.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-blond.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-blond.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-blond.ogg

Word: garden
IPA: ɡ ɑ ɹ d ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-garden.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-garden.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-garden.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-garden.ogg

Word: evening
IPA: i v n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-evening.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-evening_(noun).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-evening_(participle).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-evening.ogg

Word: treasure
IPA: t͡ʃ ɹ ɛ ʒ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-treasure.ogg

Word: throughout
IPA: θ ɹ uː a ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-throughout.ogg

Word: distinct
IPA: d ɪ s t ɪ ŋ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-distinct.ogg

Word: sorry
IPA: s ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-sorry.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sorry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-sorry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sorry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-sorry.ogg

Word: rule
IPA: ɹ uː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rule.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-rule.oga

Word: taxes
IPA: t æ k s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-taxes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-taxes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-taxes_(z).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-boutique_hors-taxes.wav

Word: GOTO (IPA: ɡ o ʊ t u) - No audio found

Word: Louisville
IPA: l uː i v ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Luhvull.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Looeevil.ogg

Word: provinces
IPA: p ɹ ɑ v ɪ n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-provinces.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--provinces_(les).ogg

Word: museum
IPA: m j u z æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-museum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-museum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-museum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-museum.ogg

Word: demand
IPA: d ɪ m æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-demand.ogg

Word: afternoon
IPA: æ f t ɚ n u n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-afternoon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-afternoon.ogg

Word: discount
IPA: d ɪ s k a ʊ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-discount_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-discount.ogg

Word: repair
IPA: r iː p ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-repair.ogg

Word: finger
IPA: f ɪ ŋ ɡ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-finger.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-finger.ogg

Word: beneath
IPA: b ɪ n iː θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beneath.ogg

Word: colon
IPA: k o ʊ l o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-colon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-colon.wav

Word: gray
IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gray.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-grey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-grey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--gray.ogg

Word: harassment
IPA: h ə ɹ æ s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-harassment.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-harassment.wav

Word: moral
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-moral.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-moral.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-moral.ogg

Word: analysis
IPA: ə n æ l ə s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-analysis.ogg

Word: lesser
IPA: l ɛ s ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lesser.ogg

Word: vacuum
IPA: v æ k j uː ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-vacuum.ogg

Word: Gap
IPA: ɡ æ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--Gap.ogg

Word: king
IPA: k i ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-the_king.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-king.ogg

Word: record
IPA: ɹ ɛ k ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-record-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-record-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-record.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-record.ogg

Word: details
IPA: d ɪ t e ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-details.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-details.ogg

Word: pierce
IPA: p ɪ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pierce.ogg

Word: empty
IPA: ɛ m t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-empty.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-empty.ogg

Word: spelling
IPA: s p ɛ l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-spelling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-spelling.ogg

Word: principle
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n s ə p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-principle.ogg

Word: anniversary
IPA: æ n ɪ v ɝ s ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-anniversary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-anniversary.ogg

Word: late
IPA: l e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-late.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-late.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-late.ogg

Word: trainer
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-trainer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-trainer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-trainer.wav

Word: Rep (IPA: ɹ ɛ p) - No audio found

Word: Moses
IPA: m o ʊ z ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Moses.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Moses.ogg

Word: TIM (IPA: t ɪ m) - No audio found

Word: directed
IPA: d ɪ ɹ ɛ k t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-directed.ogg

Word: fees
IPA: f iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fees.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-fees.wav

Word: Dominican
IPA: d ə m ɪ n ɪ k ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dominican_(Republic).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dominican_(Dominica).wav

Word: Van
IPA: v æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Van.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Van.wav

Word: unique
IPA: j ə n iː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unique.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-unique.ogg

Word: phases
IPA: f e ɪ s iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-phases.wav

Word: source
IPA: s ɔ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-source.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-source.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-source.ogg

Word: silence
IPA: s a ɪ l ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-silence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-silence.ogg

Word: shortly
IPA: ʃ ɔː ɹ t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shortly.ogg

Word: merit
IPA: m ɛ ɹ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-merit.ogg

Word: apart
IPA: ə p ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-apart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-apart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-apart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-apart.ogg

Word: informative
IPA: ɪ n f ɔ ɹ m ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-informative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-informative.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-informative.ogg

Word: Ashley
IPA: æ ʃ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Ashley.wav

Word: issue
IPA: ɪ ʃ j u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-issue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-issue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-issue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-BE-BW--une_issue.ogg

Word: pack
IPA: p æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-pack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-pack.wav

Word: ambassador
IPA: æ m b æ s ə d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ambassador.wav

Word: Hebrew
IPA: h iː b ɹ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Hebrew.ogg

Word: grant
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-grant.ogg

Word: pulse
IPA: p ʌ l s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pulse.ogg

Word: orchestra
IPA: ɔ ɹ k ə s t ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-orchestra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-orchestra.ogg

Word: doll
IPA: d ɑ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-doll.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_doll.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-doll.ogg

Word: tee
IPA: t iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tee.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-tee.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-tee.wav

Word: purposes
IPA: p ɝ p ə s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-purposes.ogg

Word: emphasis
IPA: ɛ m f ə s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-emphasis.ogg

Word: broker
IPA: b ɹ o ʊ k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-broker.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-broker.wav

Word: credit
IPA: k ɹ ɛ d ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-credit.ogg

Word: soc
IPA: s ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-soc_(sh).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-soc.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-soc.wav

Word: mu
IPA: m j u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-mu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-mu.wav

Word: organizational
IPA: ɔː ɹ ɡ ə n ɪ z e ɪ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-organizational.oga

Word: boulder
IPA: b o ʊ l d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boulder.ogg

Word: subsequent
IPA: s ʌ b s ɪ k w ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-subsequent.ogg

Word: meetings
IPA: m iː t ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-meetings.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-meetings.wav

Word: keeps
IPA: k iː p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-keeps.ogg

Word: combo
IPA: k ɒ m b ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_combo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-combo.ogg

Word: weather
IPA: w ɛ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-weather.ogg

Word: either
IPA: i ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-either.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-either.ogg

Word: volt
IPA: v o ʊ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-volt.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-volt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--volt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-volt.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-volt.wav

Word: twenty
IPA: t w ɛ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-twenty.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-twenty.ogg

Word: lectures
IPA: l ɛ k t͡ʃ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lectures.ogg

Word: brand
IPA: b ɹ æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-brand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-brand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-brand.ogg

Word: muscle
IPA: m ʌ s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-muscle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-muscle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-muscle.wav

Word: handling
IPA: h æ n d l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-handling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-handling.ogg

Word: listening
IPA: l ɪ s ə n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-listening.ogg

Word: instances
IPA: ɪ n s t ə n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-instances.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-instances.wav

Word: juvenile
IPA: d͡ʒ uː v ə n a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-juvenile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-juvenile.flac

Word: lip
IPA: l ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-lip.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-lip.wav

Word: primarily
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ m ɛ ɹ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-primarily.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-primarily2.wav

Word: courses
IPA: k ɔ ɹ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-courses.ogg

Word: toward
IPA: t ə w ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-toward.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/“China_has_claimed_that_South_Korea’s_dust_flies_toward_Shanghai.ogg

Word: rich
IPA: ɹ ɪ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rich.ogg

Word: booking
IPA: b ʊ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-booking.wav

Word: locked
IPA: l ɑ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-locked.ogg

Word: traveling
IPA: t ɹ æ v l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traveling.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-travelling.ogg

Word: secured
IPA: s ə k j ʊ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secured.ogg

Word: significant
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ɪ f ə k ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-significant.ogg

Word: bracelet
IPA: b ɹ e ɪ s l ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bracelet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-bracelet.wav

Word: pulled
IPA: p ʊ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pulled.ogg

Word: company
IPA: k ʌ m p ə n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-company.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-company.ogg

Word: al
IPA: æ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-al.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-al.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-al.ogg

Word: He
IPA: h iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-He.wav

Word: map
IPA: m æ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-map.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_map.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Anna,_it_is_a_map.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-map.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-map.wav

Word: direction
IPA: d a ɪ ɹ ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-direction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-direction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-direction.ogg

Word: Portugal
IPA: p ɔ ɹ t͡ʃ ə ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Lb-Portugal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodrigo5260-Portugal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-Portugal.ogg

Word: GNOME (IPA: ɡ ə n o ʊ m) - No audio found

Word: score
IPA: s k ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-score.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-score.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-score.ogg

Word: are
IPA: ɛ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-are.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Here_we_are!.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-are.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-are.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-are.wav

Word: excuse
IPA: ɛ k s k j u z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excuse-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excuse-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-excuse.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-excuse.ogg

Word: became
IPA: b ɪ k e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-became.ogg

Word: Tim
IPA: t ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Tim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Tim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Tim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Tim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Tim.wav

Word: significance
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ɪ f ɪ k ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-significance.ogg

Word: calls
IPA: k ɔ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calls.ogg

Word: squad
IPA: s k w æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-squad.ogg

Word: civilian
IPA: s ɪ v ɪ l j ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-civilian.ogg

Word: Chad
IPA: t͡ʃ æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Chad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-Chad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Chad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Chad.flac

Word: robin
IPA: ɹ ɑː b ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-robin.ogg

Word: interfaces
IPA: ɪ n t ə f e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-interfaces.wav

Word: custom
IPA: k ʌ s t ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-custom.ogg

Word: rhythm
IPA: ɹ ɪ ð ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rhythm.ogg

Word: doing
IPA: d ɔ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-doing.ogg

Word: architectural
IPA: ɑ ɹ k ɪ t ɛ k t͡ʃ ə ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-architectural.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-architectural.ogg

Word: patches
IPA: p æ t͡ʃ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-patches.ogg

Word: date
IPA: d e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-date.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-date.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-date.ogg

Word: bio
IPA: b a ɪ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-bio.ogg

Word: theory
IPA: θ ɪ ɚ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-theory.ogg

Word: joint
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-joint.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-joint.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-joint.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-joint.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-joint.ogg

Word: decorative
IPA: d ɛ k ə ɹ ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-decorative.wav

Word: feeling
IPA: f i l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-feeling.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-feeling.ogg

Word: events
IPA: ɪ v ɛ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-events.ogg

Word: England
IPA: ɪ ŋ ɡ l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-England.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-England.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-England.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-England.ogg

Word: ring
IPA: ɹ iː ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ring.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ring.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ring.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-ring.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ring.ogg

Word: Paris
IPA: p ɛ ɹ ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-Paris.wav

Word: your
IPA: j ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-your.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-your_unstressed.ogg

Word: registered
IPA: ɹ ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ s t ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-registered.ogg

Word: European
IPA: j ɝ ə p i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_European.ogg

Word: family
IPA: f æ m ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-family.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-family.ogg

Word: Tommy
IPA: t ɑ m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Tommy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Tommy.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Tommy.wav

Word: Hu (IPA: h u) - No audio found

Word: left
IPA: l ɛ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-left.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-left.ogg

Word: specs
IPA: s p ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-specs.wav

Word: Orleans (IPA: ɔ ɹ l i ə n z) - No audio found

Word: Jamie
IPA: d͡ʒ e ɪ m i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jamie.wav

Word: crops
IPA: k ɹ ɑ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-crops.ogg

Word: people
IPA: p i p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-people.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-people.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-VictorDtmtc-people.wav

Word: parent
IPA: p ɛ ɚ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Nattes_à_chat-parent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-parent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-parent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/FQ-parent.ogg

Word: dirty
IPA: d ɝ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-dirty.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dirty.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-dirty.wav

Word: constitutes (IPA: k ɑ n s t ɪ t u t s) - No audio found

Word: painting
IPA: p e ɪ n t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-painting.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-painting.ogg

Word: Dem (IPA: d ɛ m) - No audio found

Word: merchandise
IPA: m ɝ t͡ʃ ə n d a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-merchandise.ogg

Word: Apollo
IPA: ə p ɑ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-apollo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Apollo.ogg

Word: barry (IPA: b ɑ ɹ i) - No audio found

Word: perfume
IPA: p ɝ f j uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-perfume.ogg

Word: kit
IPA: k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-kit.ogg

Word: Paul
IPA: p ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Paul.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Paul.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Paul.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-Paul.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Paul.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-KaMan-Paul.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Paul.wav

Word: Sing (IPA: s ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: shop
IPA: ʃ ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-shop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-shop.ogg

Word: acts
IPA: æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acts.ogg

Word: opened
IPA: o ʊ p ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-opened.ogg

Word: Ind
IPA: ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ind.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Ind.ogg

Word: costs
IPA: k ɔ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-costs.ogg

Word: yourself
IPA: j ʊ ɹ s ɛ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-yourself.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yourself.ogg

Word: Milwaukee (IPA: m ɪ l w ɔː k iː) - No audio found

Word: translate
IPA: t ɹ æ n z l e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_translate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-translate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-translate.wav

Word: altered
IPA: ɔ l t ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-altered.ogg

Word: outline
IPA: a ʊ t l a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-outline.ogg

Word: talent
IPA: t æ l ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-talent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-talent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-talent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-talent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-talent.wav

Word: combine
IPA: k ə m b a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-combine_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-combine_(noun).wav

Word: Newfoundland
IPA: n u f a ʊ n d l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Newfoundland.wav

Word: several
IPA: s ɛ v ə ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-several.ogg

Word: earning (IPA: ɝ n ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: optical
IPA: ɑ p t ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-optical.wav

Word: forestry
IPA: f ɔ ɹ ɪ s t ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-forestry.wav

Word: gotta
IPA: ɡ ɑ t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gotta.ogg

Word: absorption
IPA: æ b z ɔ ɹ p ʃ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-absorption.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-absorption.ogg

Word: alloy
IPA: æ l ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alloy.ogg

Word: searches (IPA: s ɝ t͡ʃ ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: deluxe
IPA: d i l ʌ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-deluxe.ogg

Word: relatives
IPA: ɹ ɛ l ə t ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-relatives.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-relatives.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-relatives.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-relatives.ogg

Word: month
IPA: m ʌ n θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_month.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-month.ogg

Word: brunette
IPA: b ɹ u n ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-brunette.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-brunette.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-brunette.wav

Word: Guyana
IPA: ɡ a ɪ ɑː n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Guyana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Guyana-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Guyana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-Guyana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Guyana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Guyana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Guyana.wav

Word: manufacture
IPA: m æ n ə f æ k t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-manufacture.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-manufacture.wav

Word: names
IPA: n e ɪ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-names.ogg

Word: holes
IPA: h o ʊ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-holes.ogg

Word: accompanied
IPA: ə k ʌ m p ə n iː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-accompanied.ogg

Word: node
IPA: n o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-node.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-node.ogg

Word: issues
IPA: ɪ ʃ j u z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-issues.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-issues.wav

Word: sending
IPA: s ɛ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sending.ogg

Word: built
IPA: b ɪ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-built.ogg

Word: controversial
IPA: k ɑ n t ɹ ə v ɝ s i ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-controversial.wav

Word: subscriber
IPA: s ə b s k ɹ a ɪ b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-subscriber.wav

Word: comparison
IPA: k ə m p æ ɹ ɪ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comparison.ogg

Word: discussions
IPA: d ɪ s k ʌ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-discussions.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-discussions.wav

Word: thinking
IPA: θ ɪ ŋ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thinking.ogg

Word: working
IPA: w ɝ k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-working.ogg

Word: Texas
IPA: t ɛ k s ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Texas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Texas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Texas.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Texas.ogg

Word: jungle
IPA: d͡ʒ ʌ ŋ ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-jungle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jungle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-jungle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Normandie-jungle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-jungle-fr_BE.ogg

Word: scanner
IPA: s k æ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-scanner.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-scanner.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-scanner.wav

Word: Croatia
IPA: k ɹ o ʊ e ɪ ʃ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Croatia.ogg

Word: projection
IPA: p ɹ ə d͡ʒ ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-projection.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-projection.wav

Word: ignore
IPA: ɪ ɡ n ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ignore.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-ignore.wav

Word: variation
IPA: v æ ɹ i e ɪ ʃ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-variation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-variation2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-variation.ogg

Word: accurate
IPA: æ k j ə ɹ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-accurate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-accurate.ogg

Word: lunch
IPA: l ʌ n t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-lunch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-lunch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-lunch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lunch.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-lunch.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-lunch.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-lunch.ogg

Word: while
IPA: ʍ a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-while.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-while.ogg

Word: intimate
IPA: ɪ n t ɪ m e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-intimate.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intimate-noun-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-intimate-verb.ogg

Word: Chi
IPA: t͡ʃ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Chi.ogg

Word: it
IPA: ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-it.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-it.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It_is_not_a_pen._It_is_a_book.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-it.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-it.wav

Word: carter
IPA: k ɑ ɹ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-carter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-carter.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/NB_-_Pronunciation_of_Norwegian_Bokmål_«carter».ogg

Word: replaced
IPA: ɹ ɪ p l e ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-replaced.ogg

Word: enters (IPA: ɛ n t ɚ z) - No audio found

Word: Florida
IPA: f l ɔ ɹ ɪ d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Florida.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-Florida.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Florida.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Florida.ogg

Word: July
IPA: d͡ʒ u l a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-July.ogg

Word: Raymond
IPA: ɹ e ɪ m ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Raymond.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Raymond.wav

Word: domestic
IPA: d ə m ɛ s t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-domestic.ogg

Word: nancy
IPA: n æ n s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nancy.ogg

Word: behalf
IPA: b ɪ h æ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-behalf.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-behalf.ogg

Word: maritime
IPA: m ɛ ɹ ə t a ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-maritime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-maritime.ogg

Word: Clay (IPA: k l e ɪ) - No audio found

Word: canada
IPA: k ə n ɑː d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wa_canada.oga

Word: wings
IPA: w ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wings.ogg

Word: emacs
IPA: iː m æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-emacs.ogg

Word: North (IPA: n ɔː ɹ θ) - No audio found

Word: magnetic
IPA: m æ ɡ n ɛ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-magnetic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-magnetic.wav

Word: interest
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-interest.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-interest.ogg

Word: including
IPA: ɪ ŋ k l uː d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-including.ogg

Word: respectively
IPA: ɹ ɪ s p ɛ k t ɪ v l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-respectively.wav

Word: Bath
IPA: b æ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bad.ogg

Word: host
IPA: h o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-host.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-host.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-host.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-host.ogg

Word: iron
IPA: a ɪ ə ɹ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-iron.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-iron.wav

Word: transmission
IPA: t ɹ æ n z m ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-transmission.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-transmission.ogg

Word: harder
IPA: h ɑ ɹ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-harder.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-harder.wav

Word: delayed (IPA: d ə l e ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: millennium
IPA: m ɪ l ɛ n ɪ ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-millennium.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-millennium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-millennium.ogg

Word: separate
IPA: s ɛ p ɚ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separate-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-separate-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-separate.ogg

Word: fort
IPA: f ɔ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-fort.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-fort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-fort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-CA-fort.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-fort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/sv-fort.ogg

Word: bugs
IPA: b ʌ ɡ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bugs.ogg

Word: yours
IPA: j ʊ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yours.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-yours_(alternate_pronunciation).oga

Word: between
IPA: b ə t w i n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-between.ogg

Word: generations
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ə ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-generations.ogg

Word: Collins (IPA: k ɑ l ɪ n z) - No audio found

Word: tomorrow
IPA: t ə m ɒ ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tomorrow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-tomorrow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Acadienenexil-tomorrow.wav

Word: MUD (IPA: m ʌ d) - No audio found

Word: Westminster
IPA: w ɛ s t m ɪ n s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Westminster.wav

Word: applications
IPA: æ p l ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-applications.wav

Word: guided
IPA: ɡ a ɪ d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guided.ogg

Word: passed
IPA: p æ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-passed.ogg

Word: Mx (IPA: m ə k s) - No audio found

Word: silver
IPA: s ɪ l v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-silver.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-silver.ogg

Word: hat
IPA: h æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hat2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hat3.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-hat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-hat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-hat.wav

Word: victim
IPA: v ɪ k t ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-victim.ogg

Word: button
IPA: b ʌ ʔ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-button.ogg

Word: boot
IPA: b u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_boot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-boot.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-boot_(Belgium).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-boot.ogg

Word: saver
IPA: s e ɪ v ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-savour.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-saver.ogg

Word: screening
IPA: s k ɹ iː n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-screening.wav

Word: sites
IPA: s a ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sites.ogg

Word: reaching
IPA: ɹ iː t͡ʃ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reaching.ogg

Word: machines
IPA: m ə ʃ i n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-machines.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-machines.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-machines.wav

Word: comfortable
IPA: k ʌ m f t ə ɹ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-comfortable.ogg

Word: Albania
IPA: ɔː l b e ɪ n i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Albania.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Albania.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-Albania.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Albania.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Albania.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Albania.wav

Word: Job
IPA: d͡ʒ ə ʊ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Job.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Job.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-larme-de-Job.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Job.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Job.wav

Word: inquiry
IPA: ɪ n k w a ɪ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inquiry.ogg

Word: dense
IPA: d ɛ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dense.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dense.ogg

Word: eyes
IPA: a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eyes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-eyes.ogg

Word: filter
IPA: f ɪ l t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-filter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-filter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-filter.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Ainali-filter.wav

Word: enormous
IPA: ɪ n ɔ ɹ m ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enormous.ogg

Word: identical
IPA: ɪ d ɛ n t ɪ k l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-identical.wav

Word: many
IPA: m ɪ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-many.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-many.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-many.ogg

Word: wishing
IPA: w ɪ ʃ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wishing.ogg

Word: covering
IPA: k ʌ v ə ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-covering.ogg

Word: terrible
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-terrible.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-terrible.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-terrible.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodrigo5260-terrible.wav

Word: her
IPA: h ɝ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-her.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-her.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-her.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-her.wav

Word: twist
IPA: t w ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-twist.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-twist.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-twist.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-twist.wav

Word: thee
IPA: ð iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-thee.ogg

Word: rainbow
IPA: ɹ e ɪ m b o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-rainbow.ogg

Word: miller
IPA: m ɪ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-miller.ogg

Word: Manchester
IPA: m æ n t͡ʃ ɛ s t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Manchester.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Manchester.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Manchester.wav

Word: Garcia (IPA: ɡ ɑ ɹ s iː ə) - No audio found

Word: hip
IPA: h ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-hip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-hip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hip.ogg

Word: cache
IPA: k æ ʃ e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cache.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cache.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-cache.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-cache.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cache.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--cache.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-cache.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-cache.wav

Word: sleep
IPA: s l i p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sleep.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_sleep.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sleep.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sleep.ogg

Word: greetings
IPA: ɡ ɹ iː t ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-greetings.oga

Word: hart
IPA: h ɑ ɹ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-heart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-hart.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-hart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-hart.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-hart2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-hart.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-hart.wav

Word: Arkansas
IPA: ɑ ɹ k ə n s ɔ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Arkansas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Arkansas.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Arkansas.ogg

Word: bracelet
IPA: b ɹ e ɪ s l ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bracelet.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-bracelet.wav

Word: categories
IPA: k æ t ə ɡ ɔ ɹ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-categories.wav

Word: nowhere
IPA: n o ʊ h w ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nowhere.ogg

Word: Belize
IPA: b e ɪ l iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Belize.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Belize.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Belize.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Belize.wav

Word: enforcement
IPA: ɪ n f o ɹ s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-enforcement.wav

Word: omega
IPA: o ʊ m ɛ ɡ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-omega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-omega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-omega.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-omega.wav

Word: welding
IPA: w ɛ l d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-welding.wav

Word: Dave
IPA: d ə v e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Dave.wav

Word: mapping (IPA: m æ p ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: unusual
IPA: ʌ n j uː ʒ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unusual.ogg

Word: proxy
IPA: p ɹ ɑ k s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-proxy.ogg

Word: Alpine (IPA: æ l p a ɪ n) - No audio found

Word: cop
IPA: k ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Kavunczyk-Cop.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-cop.wav

Word: angle
IPA: æ ŋ ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-angle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-angle.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-angle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-angle.ogg

Word: purchase
IPA: p ɝ t͡ʃ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-purchase.ogg

Word: Legal (IPA: l ɪ ɡ æ l) - No audio found

Word: seeking
IPA: s iː k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seeking.ogg

Word: remembered
IPA: ɹ ɪ m ɛ m b ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remembered.ogg

Word: attention
IPA: ə t ɛ n ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-attention.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-attention.ogg

Word: made
IPA: m e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-made.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-made.ogg

Word: bits
IPA: b ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-bits.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bits.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-bits.wav

Word: enable
IPA: ɪ n e ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enable.ogg

Word: represent
IPA: ɹ ɛ p ɹ ɪ z ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-represent.ogg

Word: expensive
IPA: ɛ k s p ɛ n s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-expensive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-expensive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-expensive.wav

Word: humidity
IPA: h j u m ɪ d ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-humidity.wav

Word: fundraising
IPA: f ʌ n d ɹ e ɪ z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fundraising.ogg

Word: tutorial
IPA: t ʊ t ɔ ɹ i j ə ɫ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tutorial.wav

Word: can
IPA: k ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-can.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US_can_(unstressed).ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-can.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-can.wav

Word: shift
IPA: ʃ ɪ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-shift.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-shift.ogg

Word: division
IPA: d ɪ v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-division.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-division.ogg

Word: stable
IPA: s t e ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-stable.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-stable.ogg

Word: tips
IPA: t ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tips.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tips.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-tips.ogg

Word: virgin
IPA: v ɝ d͡ʒ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-virgin.ogg

Word: Botswana
IPA: b ɑː t s w ɑː n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Botswana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Botswana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Botswana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Botswana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Botswana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Botswana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Botswana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Botswana.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Botswana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Botswana.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Botswana.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Botswana.wav

Word: implementation
IPA: ɪ m p l ə m ə n t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-implementation.ogg

Word: traditional
IPA: t ɹ ə d ɪ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-traditional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-PerfectSoundWhatever-traditional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traditional.ogg

Word: pee
IPA: p iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pee.wav

Word: Williams
IPA: w ɪ l j ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-Williams.wav

Word: bubble
IPA: b ʌ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bubble.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bubble.wav

Word: card
IPA: k ɑ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-card.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-card.ogg

Word: graham (IPA: ɡ ɹ e ɪ ə m) - No audio found

Word: carol
IPA: k æ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-carol.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-carol.ogg

Word: young
IPA: j ʌ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-young.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-young.ogg

Word: Jeffrey (IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ f ɹ i) - No audio found

Word: item
IPA: a ɪ t ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-item.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-item.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-item.wav

Word: Chile
IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ l e
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/es-Chile.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Chile.wav

Word: manufactured
IPA: m æ n j ə f æ k t͡ʃ ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-manufactured.ogg

Word: Corpus
IPA: k ɔ ɹ p ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Corpus.ogg

Word: reference
IPA: ɹ ɛ f ə ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reference.ogg

Word: batch
IPA: b æ t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-batch.ogg

Word: Leo
IPA: l iː o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Leo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Leo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Leo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Leo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Leo.wav

Word: Bermuda
IPA: b ɚ m j uː d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bermuda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Bermuda.ogg

Word: defeat
IPA: d ɪ f iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-defeat.ogg

Word: instruction
IPA: ɪ n s t ɹ ʌ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-instruction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-instruction.ogg

Word: collecting
IPA: k ə l ɛ k t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-collecting.ogg

Word: classification
IPA: k l æ s ɪ f ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-classification.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-classification.wav

Word: secure
IPA: s ə k j ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-secure.wav

Word: cuts
IPA: k ʌ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_cuts.ogg

Word: tales
IPA: t e ɪ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tales_(tale).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tales_(law).wav

Word: causes
IPA: k ɔ z ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-causes.ogg

Word: folder
IPA: f o ʊ ɫ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-folder.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-folder.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-folder.ogg

Word: responded
IPA: ɹ ə s p ɑ n d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-responded.ogg

Word: min
IPA: m ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-min.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-min.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-min.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-min.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-min.ogg

Word: barbara (IPA: b ɑ ɹ b ə ɹ ə) - No audio found

Word: aquatic
IPA: ə k w æ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-aquatic.ogg

Word: legislative
IPA: l ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ s l ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-legislative.ogg

Word: skilled
IPA: s k ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-skilled.ogg

Word: mercury
IPA: m ɝ k j ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mercury.ogg

Word: ist
IPA: ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-ist.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ist.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ist2.ogg

Word: folding
IPA: f o ʊ l d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-folding.ogg

Word: money
IPA: m ʌ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-money.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-money.ogg

Word: ad
IPA: æ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Zardabi_Bakuvi-ad.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-ad.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-ad.wav

Word: forces
IPA: f ɔ ɹ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forces.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-forces.wav

Word: cold
IPA: k o ʊ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cold.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-cold.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-cold.ogg

Word: supplier
IPA: s ə p l a ɪ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-supplier.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-supplier.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-supplier.ogg

Word: complaint
IPA: k ə m p l e ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-complaint.ogg

Word: singer
IPA: s ɪ n d͡ʒ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-singer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-singer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-singer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-singer.wav

Word: perspective
IPA: p ɚ s p ɛ k t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-perspective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-perspective.ogg

Word: athletics
IPA: æ θ l ɛ t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-athletics.wav

Word: enjoying
IPA: ɪ n d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enjoying.ogg

Word: auditor
IPA: ɔː d ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-auditor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-auditor-2.ogg

Word: boating (IPA: b o ʊ t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: atom
IPA: æ t ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-atom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-atom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-atom.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nb-atom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-atom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-atom.wav

Word: traffic
IPA: t ɹ æ f ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-traffic.ogg

Word: cleared
IPA: k l ɪ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cleared.ogg

Word: pollution
IPA: p ə l u ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-pollution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pollution.ogg

Word: leo
IPA: l iː ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-leo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-leo.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-leo.wav

Word: cardiac
IPA: k ɑ ɹ d i æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cardiac.oga

Word: Hughes (IPA: h j uː z) - No audio found

Word: Marcus
IPA: m ɑ ɹ k ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Marcus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Marcus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Marcus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Marcus.wav

Word: Kevin
IPA: k ɛ v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Kevin.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Kevin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Kevin.wav

Word: rabbit
IPA: ɹ æ b ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_rabbit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rabbit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-rabbit.ogg

Word: bar
IPA: b ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-baa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-bar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-bar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bar.OGG
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bar2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-bar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-bar.ogg

Word: promote
IPA: p ɹ ə m o ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-promote.ogg

Word: unit
IPA: j ɪ u̯ n ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-unit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-unit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-unit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-unit.wav

Word: Australia
IPA: ɔ s t ɹ e ɪ l i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Australia.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Australia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/fi-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Australia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Australia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Australia.wav

Word: peer
IPA: p ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-peer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-peer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-peer.ogg

Word: definitely
IPA: d ɛ f n ɪ t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-definitely.ogg

Word: war
IPA: w ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-war.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-war.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-war.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-war.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-war2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-war.wav

Word: shoulder
IPA: ʃ o ʊ ɫ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shoulder.ogg

Word: medium
IPA: m iː d i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-medium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-medium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-medium.wav

Word: forestry
IPA: f ɒ ɹ ɪ s t ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-forestry.wav

Word: ports
IPA: p ɔ ɹ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ports.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-ports.wav

Word: release
IPA: ɹ ə l iː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-release.ogg

Word: pulling
IPA: p ʊ l ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pulling.ogg

Word: future
IPA: f j uː t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-future.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It_also_attempts_to_predict_the_future_progression_of_AI_as_it_relates_to_new_inventions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-futur.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-future.wav

Word: aud
IPA: ɔː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-aud.wav

Word: chassis
IPA: ʃ æ s i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-chassis.ogg

Word: amazon
IPA: æ m ə z ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-amazon.oga

Word: frost
IPA: f ɹ ɔ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-frost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-frost.ogg

Word: surprising
IPA: s ə p ɹ a ɪ z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surprising.ogg

Word: kingdom
IPA: k ɪ ŋ d ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-kingdom.ogg

Word: mag
IPA: m æ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-mag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-mag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-mag.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wo-mag.ogg

Word: pure
IPA: p j ʊ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-pure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-pure.flac

Word: killer
IPA: k ɪ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-killer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-killer.ogg

Word: advocate
IPA: æ d v ə k e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-advocate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-advocate.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-advocate-verb.ogg

Word: massage
IPA: m ə s ɑ d ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-massage.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-massage.ogg

Word: behind
IPA: b ɪ h a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-behind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-behind.ogg

Word: religious
IPA: ɹ ɪ l ɪ d͡ʒ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-religious.ogg

Word: machinery
IPA: m ə ʃ iː n ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-machinery.ogg

Word: square
IPA: s k w ɛ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-square.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-square.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-square.wav

Word: float
IPA: f l o ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-float.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_float.ogg

Word: Edinburgh
IPA: ɛ d ɪ n b ʌ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Edinburgh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Edinburgh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Typheuss-Edinburgh.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Edinburgh.ogg

Word: employed
IPA: ɪ m p l ɔ ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-employed.ogg

Word: Meyer (IPA: m a ɪ ə ɹ) - No audio found

Word: Milton
IPA: m ɪ l t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Milton.wav

Word: xi
IPA: s a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-xi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-xi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-xi.wav

Word: Sean (IPA: ʃ ɔː n) - No audio found

Word: conjunction
IPA: k ə n d͡ʒ ʌ ŋ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-conjunction.ogg

Word: accurately
IPA: æ k j ə ɹ ɪ t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-accurately.wav

Word: narrative
IPA: n ɛ ɹ ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-narrative.ogg

Word: tribunal
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ b j u n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tribunal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-tribunal.ogg

Word: thin
IPA: θ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-thin.wav

Word: Michigan
IPA: m ɪ ʃ ɪ ɡ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Michigan-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Michigan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-Michigan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Michigan.ogg

Word: Martial
IPA: m ɑ ɹ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-martial.ogg

Word: explanation
IPA: ɛ k s p l ə n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-explanation.ogg

Word: premier
IPA: p ɹ ɪ m ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-premier.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-premier.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-premier.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-premier.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-premier.ogg

Word: designs
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-designs.ogg

Word: Swedish
IPA: s w iː d ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Podcast-_Ka_ndisar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Swedish.ogg

Word: furthermore
IPA: f ɝ ð ɚ m ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-furthermore.ogg

Word: restrict
IPA: ɹ ɪ s t ɹ ɪ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-restrict.wav

Word: theory
IPA: θ i ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-theory.ogg

Word: foreign
IPA: f ɑ ɹ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-foreign.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-foreign.ogg

Word: remark
IPA: ɹ ɪ m ɑ ɹ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remark.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Mélange_a_trois-remark.wav

Word: incoming
IPA: ɪ n k ʌ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-incoming.wav

Word: merry
IPA: m e ɪ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-merry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-merry.ogg

Word: composed
IPA: k ə m p o ʊ z d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-composed.ogg

Word: around
IPA: ə ɹ a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-around.ogg

Word: Golden (IPA: ɡ o ʊ l d ə n) - No audio found

Word: performing
IPA: p ɚ f ɔ ɹ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-performing.ogg

Word: mercury
IPA: m ɝ k ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mercury.ogg

Word: Melbourne
IPA: m ɛ l b ɚ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Melbourne.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Melbourne.wav

Word: whilst
IPA: w ɪ l s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-whilst.wav

Word: signal
IPA: s ɪ ɡ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-signal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-signal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-signal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-signal_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: commands
IPA: k ə m æ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commands.ogg

Word: LED
IPA: ɛ l iː d iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LED1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-LED2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Mecanautes-LED.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-LED.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-LED.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-LED.wav

Word: rent
IPA: ɹ ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-rent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rent.ogg

Word: Civic (IPA: s ɪ v ɪ k) - No audio found

Word: Nat
IPA: n æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Nat.ogg

Word: maintained
IPA: m e ɪ n t e ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-maintained.ogg

Word: Halloween
IPA: h ɑ l ə w iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Normandie-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-Halloween.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Halloween.wav

Word: offered
IPA: ɔ f ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-offered.ogg

Word: Evans (IPA: ɛ v ə n z) - No audio found

Word: systems
IPA: s ɪ s t ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-systems.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-systems.ogg

Word: Ethiopia
IPA: i θ i o ʊ p i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-Ethiopia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ethiopia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Ethiopia.flac

Word: night
IPA: n a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-night.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-night.wav

Word: why
IPA: ʍ a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ne-why.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-why.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-why.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Why_do_you_have_a_map_of_the_world.ogg

Word: congress
IPA: k ə n ɡ ɹ ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-congress.ogg

Word: sudden
IPA: s ʌ d ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sudden.ogg

Word: been
IPA: b ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-been.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-been.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-been.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-been.ogg

Word: particles (IPA: p ɑ ɹ t ɪ k l̩ z) - No audio found

Word: added
IPA: æ d ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-added.ogg

Word: Deal
IPA: d iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Deal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Deal.wav

Word: circle
IPA: s ɜ ɹ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-circle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-circle.ogg

Word: Ann
IPA: æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Anne.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Ann.wav

Word: seem
IPA: s iː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seem.ogg

Word: Florence
IPA: f l ɔ ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Florence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-Florence.wav

Word: computing
IPA: k ə m p j uː t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-computing.ogg

Word: commitment
IPA: k ə m ɪ t m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-commitment.wav

Word: tournament
IPA: t ʊ ɹ n ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tournament.wav

Word: role
IPA: ɹ o l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-role.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-role.ogg

Word: colleges
IPA: k ɑ l ə d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-colleges.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-colleges.ogg

Word: communicate
IPA: k ə m j uː n ɪ k e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-communicate.ogg

Word: toner
IPA: t o ʊ n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-toner.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-toner.wav

Word: contributing (IPA: k ə n t ɹ ɪ b j u t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: chapel
IPA: t͡ʃ æ p ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chapel.ogg

Word: pass
IPA: p æ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pass.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-pass.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-pass.ogg

Word: Israeli
IPA: ɪ z ɹ e ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Israeli.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Israeli.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Israeli.flac

Word: das
IPA: d ɑː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-das.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-das.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-das.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-das.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-das2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/CPIDL_German_-_Das.ogg

Word: doubt
IPA: d a ʊ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-doubt.ogg

Word: equity
IPA: ɛ k w ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-equity.wav

Word: parts
IPA: p ɑː t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-parts.ogg

Word: throwing
IPA: θ ɹ o ʊ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-throwing.ogg

Word: Levy (IPA: l ɛ v i) - No audio found

Word: profile
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ f a ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-profile.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-profile.wav

Word: exercises (IPA: ɛ k s ɚ s a ɪ z ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: Casey (IPA: k e ɪ s i) - No audio found

Word: song
IPA: s ɔ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Česká_státní_hymna_v_G.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-song.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-song.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-song.wav

Word: procurement
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ k j ʊ ə ɹ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-procurement.wav

Word: scanning
IPA: s k æ n ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scanning.ogg

Word: adult
IPA: æ d ə l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gb-adult.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-adult.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-adult.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-adult-variant.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-adult.ogg

Word: arrival
IPA: ə ɹ a ɪ v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arrival.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-arrival.ogg

Word: sandwich
IPA: s æ n d w ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sandwich.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sandwich.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sandwich.ogg

Word: sexual
IPA: s ɛ k ʃ u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sexual.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-sexual.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-sexual.wav

Word: atmospheric
IPA: æ t m ə s f ɛ ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-atmospheric.wav

Word: live
IPA: l a ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-live-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-live-adj.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-live.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-live.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-live.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q5146_(por)-MedK1-live.wav

Word: engineer
IPA: ɛ n d͡ʒ ɪ n ɪ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-engineer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-engineer.ogg

Word: aerospace
IPA: æ ɹ o ʊ s p e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-aerospace.wav

Word: associate
IPA: ə s o ʊ ʃ i ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-associate-3.ogg

Word: regions
IPA: ɹ iː d͡ʒ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-regions.ogg

Word: drawn
IPA: d ɹ ɔ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drawn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Semperosculto-drawn.wav

Word: minute
IPA: m ə n j u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_minute.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minute-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-minute-adjective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-minute.ogg

Word: procurement
IPA: p ɹ ə k j ʊ ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-procurement.wav

Word: yu (IPA: j uː) - No audio found

Word: scared
IPA: s k ɛ ə ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-scared.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scared.ogg

Word: south
IPA: s a ʊ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-south.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-south.ogg

Word: electro (IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t ɹ ə ʊ) - No audio found

Word: autumn
IPA: ɔ t ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-autumn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-US_constrastive_autumn.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-autumn.ogg

Word: correlation
IPA: k ɑ ɹ ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-correlation.wav

Word: pasta
IPA: p ɑ s t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pasta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-pasta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-pasta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-pasta.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-pasta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-pasta.wav

Word: handled
IPA: h æ n d l̩ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-handled.ogg

Word: ea
IPA: iː ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-ea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-ea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-ea.wav

Word: revelation
IPA: ɹ ɛ v ə l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-revelation.ogg

Word: trying
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trying.ogg

Word: younger
IPA: j ʌ ŋ ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-younger.ogg

Word: settle
IPA: s ɛ t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-settle.ogg

Word: nobody
IPA: n o ʊ b ɑ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-nobody.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-nobody.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nobody.ogg

Word: Newcastle
IPA: n j u k æ s l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Newcastle.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Newcastle.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Newcastle.wav

Word: SOLID
IPA: s ɑ l ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-solid.ogg

Word: smaller
IPA: s m ɔ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-smaller.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-smaller.ogg

Word: SOAP
IPA: s o ʊ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-soap.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-soap.ogg

Word: concord
IPA: k ə n k ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Concord2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concord.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-concord2.wav

Word: broadway (IPA: b ɹ ɔː d w e ɪ) - No audio found

Word: dinner
IPA: d ɪ n ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-dinner.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dinner.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_want_to_cook_dinner.ogg

Word: dimensional
IPA: d ɪ m ɛ n ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dimensional.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-dimensional.ogg

Word: trips
IPA: t ɹ ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-trips.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-trips.ogg

Word: Pop
IPA: p ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Pop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Pop.wav

Word: silly
IPA: s ɪ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-silly.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-silly.ogg

Word: pay
IPA: p e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-pay.wav

Word: sonic
IPA: s ɒ n ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sonic.ogg

Word: continues
IPA: k ə n t ɪ n j uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-continues.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-continues.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-continues.wav

Word: count
IPA: k a ʊ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-count.ogg

Word: differences
IPA: d ɪ f ə ɹ ə n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-differences.wav

Word: towards
IPA: t ʊ w ɔ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-towards.ogg

Word: tri
IPA: t ɹ a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tri.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tri.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-tri.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sr-tri.ogg

Word: Moldova
IPA: m ɔ l d o ʊ v ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Moldova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lv-riga-Moldova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-Moldova.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Moldova.flac

Word: moments
IPA: m o ʊ m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-moments.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-moments.wav

Word: property
IPA: p ɹ ɑ p ɚ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-property.ogg

Word: processes
IPA: p ɹ ɑ s ɛ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-processes.ogg

Word: echo
IPA: ɛ k o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-echo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-echo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-echo.ogg

Word: cocktail
IPA: k ɑ k t e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-cocktail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-cocktail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-cocktail.wav

Word: lights
IPA: l a ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lights.ogg

Word: wallet
IPA: w ɑ l ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-wallet.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-wallet.ogg

Word: controversy
IPA: k ɑ n t ɹ ə v ɝ s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-controversy.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-controversy.ogg

Word: boulevard
IPA: b ʊ l ə v ɑ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-boulevard.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-boulevard.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-boulevard.ogg

Word: deputy
IPA: d ɛ p j ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deputy.ogg

Word: keys
IPA: k iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-keys.wav

Word: scoop
IPA: s k uː p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scoop.ogg

Word: preceding
IPA: p ɹ iː s iː d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-preceding.ogg

Word: legislature
IPA: l ɛ d͡ʒ ɪ s l e ɪ t͡ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-legislature.ogg

Word: likely
IPA: l a ɪ k l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-likely.ogg

Word: nuke
IPA: n j u k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-nuke.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-nuke.wav

Word: science
IPA: s a ɪ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-science.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-science.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-science.ogg

Word: organizational
IPA: ɔː ɹ ɡ ə n a ɪ z e ɪ ʃ ə n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-organizational.oga

Word: excuse
IPA: ɪ k s k j u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excuse-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-excuse-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-excuse.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-excuse.ogg

Word: Mobile
IPA: m o ʊ b iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Mobile.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Mobile.ogg

Word: satisfied
IPA: s æ t ɪ s f a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-satisfied.ogg

Word: though
IPA: ð o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-though.ogg

Word: wonder
IPA: w ʌ n d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-wonder.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wonder.ogg

Word: joseph (IPA: d͡ʒ o ʊ s ə f) - No audio found

Word: parcel
IPA: p ɑ ɹ s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-parcel.ogg

Word: partnership
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t n ɚ ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-partnership.ogg

Word: men
IPA: m ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-men.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-men.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-men.ogg

Word: profit
IPA: p ɹ ɑ f ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-profit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-profit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-profit.ogg

Word: gold
IPA: ɡ o ʊ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-gold.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gold.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gold.ogg

Word: proportion
IPA: p ɹ ə p ɔ ɹ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-proportion.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-proportion.ogg

Word: coated (IPA: k o ʊ t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: cherry
IPA: t͡ʃ ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-cherry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cherry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-cherry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-cherry.wav

Word: of
IPA: ə v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-of.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-piece_of_cake.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-of.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-of.ogg

Word: Congo
IPA: k ɑ ŋ ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Congo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Congo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Congo.wav

Word: Cologne
IPA: k ə l o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Cologne.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-Cologne.wav

Word: marking (IPA: m ɑ ɹ k ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: equation
IPA: ɪ k w e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-equation.ogg

Word: drew
IPA: d ɹ u ʊ̯
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drew.ogg

Word: Wake (IPA: w e ɪ k) - No audio found

Word: pearl
IPA: p ɝ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-pearl.ogg

Word: accessories (IPA: ə k s ɛ s ə ɹ i z) - No audio found

Word: always
IPA: ɔ l w ə z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-always.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-always.ogg

Word: Tone
IPA: t o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Tone.ogg

Word: lid
IPA: l ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-lid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-lid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lid.ogg

Word: drew
IPA: d ɹ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drew.ogg

Word: Orange
IPA: ɑ ɹ ə n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-Orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange4.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Orange3.ogg

Word: gentle
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n t l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gentle.ogg

Word: been
IPA: b ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-been.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-been.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-been.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-been.ogg

Word: temporal
IPA: t ɛ m p ə ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-temporal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-temporal.ogg

Word: gateway
IPA: ɡ e ɪ t w e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gateway.oga

Word: duplicate
IPA: d j uː p l ɪ k ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-duplicate-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-duplicate-verb.ogg

Word: broadband
IPA: b ɹ ɔː d b æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-broadband.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-broadband.wav

Word: Maine
IPA: m ɛ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Maine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Maine.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Maine.ogg

Word: framed
IPA: f ɹ e ɪ m d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-framed.ogg

Word: seed
IPA: s iː d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seed.ogg

Word: rated
IPA: ɹ e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-rated.wav

Word: detailed
IPA: d ɪ t e ɪ l d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-detailed.ogg

Word: skiing (IPA: s k i ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: Bluetooth
IPA: b l u t u θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bluetooth.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-Bluetooth.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Bluetooth.wav

Word: mesa
IPA: m ɛ s ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mesa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-mesa.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Eavqwiki-mesa.wav

Word: factors (IPA: f æ k t ɚ z) - No audio found

Word: normally
IPA: n ɔ ɹ m ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-normally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Jjamesryan-normally.wav

Word: Nintendo (IPA: n ɪ n t ɛ n d o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: includes
IPA: ɪ n k l uː d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-includes.ogg

Word: electrical
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t ɹ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-electrical.ogg

Word: particle
IPA: p ɑ ɹ t ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-particle.ogg

Word: pounds
IPA: p a ʊ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pounds.ogg

Word: smith
IPA: s m ɪ θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-smith.ogg

Word: respiratory
IPA: ɹ ɛ s p ə ɹ ə t ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-respiratory.wav

Word: eliminate
IPA: ɪ l ɪ m ə n e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-eliminate.ogg

Word: gathered
IPA: ɡ æ ð ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gathered.ogg

Word: produce
IPA: p ɹ ə d u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-produce-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-produce.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-produce-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-produce-noun.ogg

Word: only
IPA: o ʊ n l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-only.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-only.ogg

Word: bay
IPA: b e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bay.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-bay.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-bay.wav

Word: drain
IPA: d ɹ e ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drain.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-drain.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-drain.wav

Word: idea
IPA: aː d ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-idea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-idea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-idea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-idea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-idea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-idea.wav

Word: brother
IPA: b ɹ ʌ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-brother.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-brother.ogg

Word: curves
IPA: k ɚ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-curves.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-curves.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-curves.ogg

Word: understanding
IPA: ʌ n d ɚ s t æ n d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-understanding.ogg

Word: fundamental
IPA: f ʌ n d ə m ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fundamental.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Da-fundamental.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-fundamental.ogg

Word: identified (IPA: a ɪ d ɛ n t ɪ f a ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: understood
IPA: ʌ n d ɚ s t ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-understood.ogg

Word: disease
IPA: d ə z i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-disease.ogg

Word: herb
IPA: h ɝ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-va-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-herb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-herb.ogg

Word: periodic
IPA: p ɜː ɹ a ɪ ɒ d ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-periodic.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-periodic_(science).wav

Word: stomach
IPA: s t ʌ m ə k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stomach.ogg

Word: drop
IPA: d ɹ ɑ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-drop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-drop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_equipment_shows_how_much_the_glacier_has_moved.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-drop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-drop.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-drop.wav

Word: begin
IPA: b ɪ ɡ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_begin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-begin.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-begin.ogg

Word: Bangladesh
IPA: b æ ŋ ɡ l ə d ɛ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Bangladesh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bangladesh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Bangladesh.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Bangladesh.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Bangladesh.wav

Word: outer
IPA: a ʊ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-outta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-outer.ogg

Word: guru
IPA: ɡ ʊ ɹ u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-guru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ms-MY-guru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-guru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-guru.flac

Word: Mars
IPA: m ɑ ˞ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Mars2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Mars.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-Mars.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Mars.wav

Word: Lynn (IPA: l ɪ n) - No audio found

Word: transmitted (IPA: t ɹ æ n z m ɪ t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: beautiful
IPA: b j u t ɪ f ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-beautiful.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-beautiful.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It_is_a_beautiful_kitchen!_It_is_beautiful.ogg

Word: Philip
IPA: f ɪ l ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-fillip.oga

Word: tan
IPA: t æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q12107_(bre)-ThonyVezbe-tan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--tan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-tan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-tan.wav

Word: Genesis
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ə s ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Genesis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Genesis.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Genesis.ogg

Word: Afghanistan
IPA: æ f ɡ ɑː n ɪ s t ɑː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Afghanistan2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-Afghanistan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Afghanistan.wav

Word: fuji (IPA: f uː d͡ʒ i) - No audio found

Word: betting
IPA: b ɛ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-betting.wav

Word: water
IPA: w ɔ t ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-water.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-water.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-US_contrastive_water.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-water.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_president_expressed_hope_that_creating_rain_over_waters_between_the_countries_would_help_reduce_pollution.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-water.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-water_(Netherlands).ogg

Word: Indianapolis
IPA: ɪ n d i ə n æ p ə l ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Indianapolis.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Indianapolis.wav

Word: supplies
IPA: s ə p l a ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-supplies.ogg

Word: Nevada
IPA: n ə v æ d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Nevada.wav

Word: thee
IPA: θ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-thee.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-thee.ogg

Word: isolated
IPA: a ɪ s ə l e ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-isolated.ogg

Word: afterwards
IPA: æ f t ɚ w ɚ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-afterwards.ogg

Word: Qatar
IPA: k æ t ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Qatar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-Qatar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Qatar.wav

Word: virtue
IPA: v ɝ t͡ʃ u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-virtue.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Simplificationalizer-virtue.wav

Word: tops
IPA: t ɑ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-tops.ogg

Word: mission
IPA: m ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-mission.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-mission.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_mission.ogg

Word: an
IPA: æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-an-unstressed.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Zardabi_Bakuvi-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nb-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-an.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-an.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wym-an_(wersja_Józefa_Gary).ogg

Word: longitude
IPA: l ɑ n d͡ʒ ə t u d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-longitude.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-longitude.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-longitude.wav

Word: possess
IPA: p ə z ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-possess.ogg

Word: joined
IPA: d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-joined.ogg

Word: retreat
IPA: ɹ i t ɹ iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-retreat.ogg

Word: fought
IPA: f ɔ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fought.ogg

Word: et
IPA: ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-et.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-et.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-et.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-et.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-et.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wa_et_wa-fel_èt.oga

Word: accredited
IPA: ə k ɹ ɛ d ɪ t ə d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-accredited.wav

Word: reported
IPA: ɹ ɪ p ɔ ɹ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reported.ogg

Word: worthy
IPA: w ɝ ð i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-worthy.ogg

Word: lowest
IPA: l o ʊ ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Yang_says_he_remembers_being_able_to_see_the_glacier’s_lowest_edge_from_his_home_village.ogg

Word: nickel
IPA: n ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nickel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-nickel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-nickel.ogg

Word: Jose (IPA: h o ʊ z e ɪ) - No audio found

Word: boost
IPA: b uː s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-boost.ogg

Word: page
IPA: p e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-page.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-page.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-page.ogg

Word: publisher
IPA: p ʌ b l ɪ ʃ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-publisher.ogg

Word: archive
IPA: ɑ ɹ k a ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-archive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-archive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-archive.wav

Word: calculate
IPA: k æ l k j ə l e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-calculate.ogg

Word: GNU
IPA: ɡ n uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gnu.ogg

Word: concrete
IPA: k ɑ n k ɹ iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-concrete.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-concrete.ogg

Word: Derek (IPA: d ɛ ɹ ɪ k) - No audio found

Word: Elizabeth
IPA: ɪ l ɪ z ə b ə θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Elizabeth.opus

Word: dry
IPA: d ɹ a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_dry.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-dry.wav

Word: lists
IPA: l ɪ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-lists.wav

Word: Miami
IPA: m a ɪ æ m ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Miami.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-Miami.wav

Word: providing
IPA: p ɹ ə v a ɪ d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-providing.ogg

Word: diesel
IPA: d i s ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-diesel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-diesel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-diesel.ogg

Word: peripheral
IPA: p ə ɹ ɪ f ə ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-peripheral.ogg

Word: airplane
IPA: ɛ ɚ p l e ɪ̯ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-airplane.ogg

Word: observation
IPA: ɑ b z ɚ v e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-observation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-observation.ogg

Word: comprehensive
IPA: k ɑː m p ɹ ə h ɛ n s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comprehensive.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-comprehensive.ogg

Word: slightly
IPA: s l a ɪ t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-slightly.ogg

Word: uncertainty
IPA: ʌ n s ɝ t ə n t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-uncertainty.ogg

Word: facts
IPA: f æ k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-facts.ogg

Word: Baptist
IPA: b æ b d ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Paul2520-Baptist.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Baptist.ogg

Word: generate
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ɚ e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-generate.ogg

Word: expert
IPA: ɛ k s p ɝ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/pt-br-expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-expert.ogg

Word: Ohio
IPA: ə h a ɪ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Ohio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-Ohio.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Ohio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Ohio.wav

Word: reception
IPA: ɹ ɪ s ɛ p ʃ n̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reception.ogg

Word: reform
IPA: ɹ ɪ f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reform.ogg

Word: obligation
IPA: ɑ b l ə ɡ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-obligation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-euro-obligation.wav

Word: enjoy
IPA: ɪ n d͡ʒ ɔ ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-enjoy.ogg

Word: Preston
IPA: p ɹ ɛ s t ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Preston.ogg

Word: bite
IPA: b a ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bite.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-bite.wav

Word: dresses
IPA: d ɹ ɛ s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dresses.ogg

Word: Google
IPA: ɡ uː ɡ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-googol.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-Google.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Mecanautes-Google.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Google.ogg

Word: panel
IPA: p æ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-panel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_United_Nations_Intergovernmental_Panel_on_Climate_Change_recently_reported.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-panel.wav

Word: charged
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ɹ d͡ʒ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-charged.wav

Word: swing
IPA: s w ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-swing.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-swing.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-swing.wav

Word: reduces (IPA: ɹ ɪ d u s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: service
IPA: s ɝ v ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-service.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-service.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-service.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-service.ogg

Word: wit
IPA: w ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-wit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-wit.ogg

Word: secure
IPA: s ə k j ʊ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-secure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-secure.wav

Word: bug
IPA: b ʌ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bug.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bug.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-bug.wav

Word: chicken
IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ k ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-chicken.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-a_chicken.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chicken.ogg

Word: received
IPA: ɹ ɪ s iː v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-received.ogg

Word: fail
IPA: f e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fail.ogg

Word: beaches (IPA: b iː t͡ʃ ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: moon
IPA: m u n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-moon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-moon.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-moon.ogg

Word: deputy
IPA: d ɛ p ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deputy.ogg

Word: ent
IPA: ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ent.ogg

Word: pillow
IPA: p ɛ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-pillow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pillow.ogg

Word: Paradise (IPA: p æ ɹ ə d a ɪ s) - No audio found

Word: knives
IPA: n a ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-knives.ogg

Word: pure
IPA: p j o ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-pure.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-pure.flac

Word: grew
IPA: ɡ ɹ u ʊ̯
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grew.ogg

Word: promise
IPA: p ɹ ɑ m ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-promise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-promise.wav

Word: RAM
IPA: ɹ æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ram.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-RAM.ogg

Word: configuration
IPA: k ə n f ɪ ɡ j ə ɹ e ɪ̯ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-configuration.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-configuration.wav

Word: capitol (IPA: k æ p ɪ t ə l) - No audio found

Word: number
IPA: n ʌ m b ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-number.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Marsha's_work_number_is_555-8986.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-number-adjective.ogg

Word: package
IPA: p æ k ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-package.ogg

Word: somewhere
IPA: s ʌ m ʍ ɛ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-somewhere.ogg

Word: son
IPA: s ʌ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-son.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-son.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-son.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-son.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-son.wav

Word: switching (IPA: s w ɪ t͡ʃ ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: requested
IPA: ɹ ɪ k w ɛ s t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-US-requested.ogg

Word: Chip
IPA: t͡ʃ ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Chip.ogg

Word: Morrison (IPA: m ɔ ɹ ɪ s ə n) - No audio found

Word: substantial
IPA: s ə b s t æ n ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-substantial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-substantial.wav

Word: pit
IPA: p ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-pit.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pit.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-pit.wav

Word: Mongolia
IPA: m ɑː ŋ ɡ o ʊ l i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Mongolia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Mongolia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Mongolia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Mongolia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Mongolia.wav

Word: diagnostic
IPA: d a ɪ ə ɡ n ɑ s t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-diagnostic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-diagnostic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-diagnostic.wav

Word: cost
IPA: k ɔ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_cost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cost.ogg

Word: buyer
IPA: b a ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-buyer.ogg

Word: students
IPA: s t u d n̩ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-students.ogg

Word: sub
IPA: s ʌ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sub.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sub.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-sub.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-sub.wav

Word: Ethernet (IPA: i θ ə ɹ n ɛ t) - No audio found

Word: progress
IPA: p ɹ ə ɡ ɹ ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-progress.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-progress-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-progress-verb.ogg

Word: further
IPA: f ɝ ð ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-further.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-further.ogg

Word: peak
IPA: p iː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-peak.wav

Word: clarity
IPA: k l æ ɹ ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-clarity.wav

Word: regardless
IPA: ɹ ɪ ɡ ɑ ɹ d l ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-regardless.wav

Word: fell
IPA: f ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fell.ogg

Word: exclusive
IPA: ɪ k s k l u s ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-exclusive.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-exclusive.wav

Word: combination
IPA: k ɑ m b ɪ n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-combination.ogg

Word: raid
IPA: ɹ e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-raid.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-raid.wav

Word: terminal
IPA: t ɚ m ɪ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-terminal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--terminal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-terminal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-terminal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-terminal.wav

Word: sec
IPA: s ɛ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-sec.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-sec.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-sec.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-sec.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-sec.wav

Word: librarian
IPA: l a ɪ b ɹ ɛ ɹ i ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-librarian.wav

Word: spectacular
IPA: s p ɛ k t æ k j ə l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-spectacular.wav

Word: threatening
IPA: θ ɹ ɛ t n̩ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-threatening.ogg

Word: Harris
IPA: h æ ɹ ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Harris.wav

Word: rising
IPA: ɹ a ɪ z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-rising.ogg

Word: skating (IPA: s k e ɪ t ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: commented (IPA: k ɑ m ɛ n t ɪ d) - No audio found

Word: dodge
IPA: d ɑ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dodge.ogg

Word: Harrison
IPA: h æ ɹ ɪ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Harrison.wav

Word: promo
IPA: p ɹ ə ʊ m ə ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-promo.ogg

Word: saved
IPA: s e ɪ v d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-saved.ogg

Word: constraint
IPA: k ə n s t ɹ e ɪ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-constraint.ogg

Word: diamonds
IPA: d a ɪ ə m ə n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-diamonds.ogg

Word: naked
IPA: n e ɪ k ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-naked.ogg

Word: possibility
IPA: p ɑ s ə b ɪ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-possibility.ogg

Word: marked
IPA: m ɑ ɹ k ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-marked.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-marked-adj.ogg

Word: Oregon
IPA: ɔ ɹ ə ɡ ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Oregon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Oregon.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-Oregon.wav

Word: it
IPA: ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-it.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-it.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It_is_not_a_pen._It_is_a_book.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-it.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-it.wav

Word: cons
IPA: k ɑ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cons.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-cons.wav

Word: agenda
IPA: ə d͡ʒ ɛ n d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-agenda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-agenda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Agenda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-agenda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-agenda.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-agenda.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-agenda.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_agenda.ogg

Word: cumulative
IPA: k j uː m j ʊ l e ɪ t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cumulative.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-cumulative.wav

Word: programmer
IPA: p ɹ o ʊ ɡ ɹ æ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-programmer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-programmer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-programmer.wav

Word: dangerous
IPA: d e ɪ n d͡ʒ ɚ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-dangerous.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dangerous.ogg

Word: invitation
IPA: ɪ n v ɪ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-invitation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-invitation.ogg

Word: transsexual
IPA: t ɹ æ n z s ɛ k s j u ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-US-transsexual.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-transsexual.wav

Word: paragraphs
IPA: p ɛ ɹ ə ɡ ɹ æ f s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paragraphs.ogg

Word: invited
IPA: ɪ n v a ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-invited.ogg

Word: doom
IPA: d uː m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-doom.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Wo-doom.ogg

Word: informational (IPA: ɪ n f ə ɹ m e ɪ ʃ ə n ə l) - No audio found

Word: Windsor
IPA: w ɪ n d z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Windsor.oga

Word: drum
IPA: d ɹ ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_drum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-drum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-drum.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-drum.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-drum.wav

Word: costume
IPA: k ɑ s t͡ʃ u m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-costume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-costume.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-costume.wav

Word: ri
IPA: ɹ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ri.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-ri.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--ri.ogg

Word: Halloween
IPA: h æ l ə w iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Normandie-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-Halloween.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Halloween.wav

Word: UW (IPA: j u d ʌ b) - No audio found

Word: advertising
IPA: æ d v ɚ t a ɪ z ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-advertising.wav

Word: deposits (IPA: d ɪ p ɑ z ɪ t s) - No audio found

Word: fi
IPA: f a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Robin_van_der_Vliet-fi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--fi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-fi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-fi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-fi.wav

Word: grows
IPA: ɡ ɹ o ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grows.ogg

Word: dish
IPA: d ɪ ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dish.ogg

Word: presence
IPA: p ɹ ɛ z ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-presence.ogg

Word: appliance
IPA: ə p l a ɪ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appliance.ogg

Word: respond
IPA: ɹ ɪ s p ɑ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-respond.ogg

Word: welcome
IPA: w ɛ l k ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-welcome.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-welcome.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Chinese_foreign_ministry_spokesman_Lu_Kang_welcomed_cooperation_with_South_Korea.ogg

Word: bus
IPA: b ɔ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-Buss.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-bus.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bus.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-bus.ogg

Word: borough
IPA: b ʌ ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-borough.ogg

Word: template
IPA: t ɛ m p l e ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-template.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-template.wav

Word: ebony
IPA: ɛ b ə n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-ebony.ogg

Word: fabric
IPA: f æ b ɹ ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fabric.ogg

Word: car
IPA: k ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_car.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-car.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-car.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-car.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-car.ogg

Word: phi
IPA: f iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-phi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-phi_long_e.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-phi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-phi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-phi.wav

Word: herself
IPA: h ɝ s ɛ l f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-herself.ogg

Word: DOS
IPA: d ɒ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-DOS.wav

Word: knock
IPA: n ɑ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-knock.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-knock.ogg

Word: drugs
IPA: d ɹ ʌ ɡ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-drugs.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-drugs.ogg

Word: belong
IPA: b ɪ l ɔ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-belong.ogg

Word: band
IPA: b æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-band.opus
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-band.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-band.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-band-eng.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-band.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-band.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-band.ogg

Word: hundreds
IPA: h ʌ n d ɹ ə d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hundreds.ogg

Word: finally
IPA: f a ɪ n l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-finally.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-finally.ogg

Word: investment
IPA: ɪ n v ɛ s t m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-investment.ogg

Word: ut
IPA: ʌ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--ut.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-ut.ogg

Word: usage
IPA: j uː z ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-usage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-usage.ogg

Word: percent
IPA: p ɚ s ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-percent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-percent.wav

Word: Wikipedia
IPA: w ɪ k i p iː d i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Wikipedia2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Wikipedia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Wikipedia.ogg

Word: having
IPA: h æ v ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-having.ogg

Word: similarly
IPA: s ɪ m ə l ɚ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-similarly.ogg

Word: female
IPA: f iː m e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-female.ogg

Word: roll
IPA: ɹ o l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-roll.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-roll.ogg

Word: tower
IPA: t a ʊ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tower.ogg

Word: gaps
IPA: ɡ æ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-gaps.wav

Word: Beatles
IPA: b iː t l̩ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Beatles.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-Beatles.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Beatles.ogg

Word: passage
IPA: p æ s ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-passage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-passage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-passage.ogg

Word: gates
IPA: ɡ e ɪ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gates.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-gates.wav

Word: heat
IPA: h i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-heat.ogg

Word: Bernard
IPA: b ə ɹ n ɑ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bernard.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Bernard.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Bernard.ogg

Word: necessary
IPA: n ɛ s ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-necessary.ogg

Word: desirable
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ ə ɹ ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desirable.ogg

Word: addresses (IPA: æ d ɹ ɛ s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: executive
IPA: ɪ ɡ z ɛ k j ə t ɪ v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-executive.ogg

Word: Mx (IPA: m ɪ k s) - No audio found

Word: prove
IPA: p ɹ uː v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prove.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-prove.ogg

Word: achievements
IPA: ə t͡ʃ iː v m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-achievements.wav

Word: exist
IPA: ɛ ɡ z ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exist.ogg

Word: instance
IPA: ɪ n s t ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-instance.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-instance.ogg

Word: Christianity
IPA: k ɹ ɪ s t͡ʃ i æ n ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Christianity.ogg

Word: centre
IPA: s ɛ n t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-center.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-centre.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Centre.oga

Word: religions
IPA: ɹ ə l ɪ d͡ʒ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-religions.ogg

Word: instruments
IPA: ɪ n s t ɹ ə m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-instruments.ogg

Word: wives
IPA: w a ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wives.ogg

Word: dat
IPA: d æ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dat.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dat.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-dat.ogg

Word: some
IPA: s ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-some.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-some.ogg

Word: infectious
IPA: ɪ n f ɛ k ʃ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Ajshul-infectious.wav

Word: treatment
IPA: t ɹ iː t m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-treatment.ogg

Word: summer
IPA: s ʌ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-summer.ogg

Word: exists
IPA: ɪ ɡ z ɪ s t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-exists.ogg

Word: doe
IPA: d o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-doe.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-doe.ogg

Word: blog
IPA: b l ɑ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-blog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-blog.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-blog.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-blog.ogg

Word: offshore
IPA: ɒ f ʃ ɔː ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-offshore.wav

Word: Si
IPA: s ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sigh.ogg

Word: Charles
IPA: t͡ʃ ɑ ˞ l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Charles.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Charles.wav

Word: to
IPA: t̪ oː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-two.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-to2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-to.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q143_(epo)-Lepticed7-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-to.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-to.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Krokus-to.wav

Word: taxation
IPA: t æ k s e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-taxation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-taxation.wav

Word: air
IPA: ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-air.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Xbypass-air.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9237_(msa)-Hakimi97-air.wav

Word: statistical
IPA: s t ə t ɪ s t ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-statistical.oga

Word: telescope
IPA: t ɛ l ə s k o ʊ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-telescope.ogg

Word: Arizona
IPA: ɛ ɹ ɪ z o ʊ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-ne-arizona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Arizona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Arizona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Arizona.ogg

Word: useful
IPA: j u s f ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-useful.ogg

Word: disable
IPA: d ɪ s e ɪ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-disable.ogg

Word: asking
IPA: æ s k ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-asking.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-asking.wav

Word: penny
IPA: p ɛ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-penny.ogg

Word: agreement
IPA: ə ɡ ɹ iː m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-agreement.ogg

Word: magazines
IPA: m æ ɡ ə z iː n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-magazines.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-magazines.wav

Word: fame
IPA: f e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-fame.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-Happypheasant-fame.wav

Word: returned
IPA: ɹ ɪ t ɝ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-returned.ogg

Word: genetic
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ n ɛ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-genetic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-genetic.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-genetic.wav

Word: schemes
IPA: s k iː m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-scheme.ogg

Word: Bob
IPA: b ɔ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Bob.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bob.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-Bob.wav

Word: vault
IPA: v ɑ l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vault.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-vault.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-vault.ogg

Word: privileges
IPA: p ɹ ɪ v ɪ l ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-privileges.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-privileges.ogg

Word: stripes
IPA: s t ɹ a ɪ p s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-stripes.ogg

Word: meets
IPA: m iː t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-meets.ogg

Word: introduce
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ d u s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-introduce.ogg

Word: commission
IPA: k ə m ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-commission.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-commission.ogg

Word: ex
IPA: ɛ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ex.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-ex.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-ex.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-ex.ogg

Word: deaf
IPA: d ɛ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-deaf.ogg

Word: background
IPA: b æ k ɹ a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-background.ogg

Word: command
IPA: k ə m æ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-command.ogg

Word: Halloween
IPA: h æ l o ʊ iː n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Normandie-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-Halloween.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Halloween.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Halloween.wav

Word: relevance
IPA: ɹ ɛ l ə v ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-relevance.wav

Word: class
IPA: k l e ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-class.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-class.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-class.ogg

Word: freedom
IPA: f ɹ i d ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Freedom.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-freedom.ogg

Word: touring
IPA: t ɔː ɹ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-touring.wav

Word: herbal
IPA: ɝ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-herbal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-herbal.wav

Word: Amsterdam
IPA: æ m s t ə ɹ d æ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Amsterdam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Zardabi_Bakuvi-Amsterdam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-Amsterdam.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Fhala.K-Amsterdam.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Amsterdam.ogg

Word: antibody
IPA: æ n t i b ɑ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-antibody.ogg

Word: java
IPA: d͡ʒ ɑː v ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-java.wav

Word: rocket
IPA: ɹ ɑ k ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-rocket.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-rocket.wav

Word: speakers (IPA: s p i k ɚ z) - No audio found

Word: texas
IPA: t ɛ k s ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Texas.ogg

Word: preliminary
IPA: p ɹ ɪ l ɪ m ɪ n ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-preliminary.wav

Word: anybody
IPA: ɛ n i b ɑ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-anybody.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anybody.ogg

Word: our
IPA: ɐ ʋ ə r
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-our-2.ogg

Word: considers
IPA: k ə n s ɪ d ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-considers.wav

Word: examine
IPA: ɪ ɡ z æ m ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-examine.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_new_study_examines_development_activities_for_different_AI_technologies_worldwide.ogg

Word: housing
IPA: h a ʊ s ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-housing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-housing2.wav

Word: sheep
IPA: ʃ i p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_sheep.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-sheep.ogg

Word: lime
IPA: l a ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lime.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-lime.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-lime.ogg

Word: sheets
IPA: ʃ i t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sheets.ogg

Word: twelve
IPA: t w ɛ l v
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-twelve.ogg

Word: acceptable
IPA: ɪ k s ɛ p t ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-acceptable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-acceptable.ogg

Word: available
IPA: ə v e ɪ l ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-available.ogg

Word: constraints
IPA: k ə n s t ɹ e ɪ n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-constraints.wav

Word: ide
IPA: a ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-ide.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-ide.ogg

Word: jaguar
IPA: d͡ʒ æ ɡ j u ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jaguar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-jaguar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-jaguar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jaguar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-jaguar-fr-Paris.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-jaguar.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-jaguar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-jaguar.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-jaguar.wav

Word: integration
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɡ ɹ e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-integration.wav

Word: Lopez (IPA: l o ʊ p ɛ z) - No audio found

Word: removing
IPA: ɹ ɪ m uː v ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-removing.ogg

Word: tremendous
IPA: t ɹ ɪ m ɛ n d ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tremendous.ogg

Word: survival
IPA: s ɚ v a ɪ v ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-survival.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-survival.wav

Word: exterior
IPA: ɪ k s t ɪ ɹ i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-exterior.wav

Word: boundary
IPA: b a ʊ n d ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-boundary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-boundary.ogg

Word: engagement
IPA: ɪ n ɡ e ɪ d͡ʒ m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-engagement.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-engagement.wav

Word: ranges
IPA: ɹ e ɪ n d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ranges.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-ranges.wav

Word: synthesis
IPA: s ɪ n θ ə s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-synthesis.wav

Word: items
IPA: a ɪ t ə m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-items.ogg

Word: usage
IPA: j uː s ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-usage.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-usage.ogg

Word: debut
IPA: d e ɪ b j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-debut.ogg

Word: disclaimer
IPA: d ɪ s k l e ɪ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-disclaimer.ogg

Word: round
IPA: ɹ a ʊ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-round.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-round.wav

Word: arrangements
IPA: ə ɹ e ɪ n d͡ʒ m ə n t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-arrangements.ogg

Word: JPEG
IPA: d͡ʒ e ɪ p ɛ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/JPEG-pronunciation-us.ogg

Word: fighter
IPA: f a ɪ t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-fighter.wav

Word: mayor
IPA: m e ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mayor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-mayor-bo-La_Paz.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-mayor.wav

Word: wider
IPA: w a ɪ d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-wider.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-wider.ogg

Word: differently
IPA: d ɪ f ɹ ə n t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-differently.ogg

Word: compared
IPA: k ə m p ɛ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-compared.ogg

Word: Spencer
IPA: s p ɛ n s ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-Spencer.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Spencer.ogg

Word: afraid
IPA: ə f ɹ e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-afraid.ogg

Word: three
IPA: θ ɹ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-three.ogg

Word: browser
IPA: b ɹ a ʊ z ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-browser.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-browser.ogg

Word: forty
IPA: f ɔ ɹ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-forty.ogg

Word: vocabulary
IPA: v o ʊ k æ b j ə l ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vocabulary.ogg

Word: patient
IPA: p e ɪ ʃ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-patient.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-patient.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-patient.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-patient.ogg

Word: performer
IPA: p ɚ f ɔ ɹ m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-performer.wav

Word: private
IPA: p ɹ a ɪ v ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-private.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-private.ogg

Word: computers
IPA: k ə m p j u t ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-computers.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-computers.ogg

Word: taxes
IPA: t æ k s iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-taxes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-taxes.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-taxes_(z).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Benoît_Prieur-boutique_hors-taxes.wav

Word: nation
IPA: n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-nation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-nation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-nation.ogg

Word: translation
IPA: t ɹ æ n z l e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-translation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-translation.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-translation.wav

Word: electricity
IPA: ɪ l ɛ k t͡ʃ ɹ ɪ s ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-electricity.ogg

Word: Long (IPA: l ɒ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: birth
IPA: b ɝ ð
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-birth.ogg

Word: Solomon
IPA: s ɑ l ə m ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Solomon.wav

Word: activities
IPA: æ k t ɪ v ɪ t i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-activities.ogg

Word: tournament
IPA: t ɝ n ə m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tournament.wav

Word: heroes (IPA: h ɪ ɹ o ʊ z) - No audio found

Word: Monroe
IPA: m ə n ɹ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Monroe.wav

Word: cal
IPA: k æ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-cal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-cal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-cal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-cal.wav

Word: statutory
IPA: s t æ t͡ʃ ə t ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-statutory.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-statutory.ogg

Word: reputation
IPA: ɹ ɛ p j ʊ t e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reputation.ogg

Word: toolbar
IPA: t u l b ɑ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Qwertygiy-toolbar.wav

Word: aims (IPA: e ɪ m z) - No audio found

Word: Leslie
IPA: l ɛ z l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Leslie.wav

Word: wicked
IPA: w ɪ k ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wicked.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-wicked_(wick).wav

Word: bigger
IPA: b ɪ ɡ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bigger.ogg

Word: john
IPA: d͡ʒ ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-john.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-john.wav

Word: Diego
IPA: d i e ɪ ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Diego.wav

Word: missed
IPA: m ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-missed.ogg

Word: influences
IPA: ɪ n f l u ə n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-influences.ogg

Word: remarks
IPA: ɹ i m ɑ ɹ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-remarks.ogg

Word: clip
IPA: k l ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-clip.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-clip.wav

Word: teach
IPA: t iː t͡ʃ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-teach.ogg

Word: Iraqi
IPA: ɪ ɹ ɑː k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Iraqi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Iraqi2.wav

Word: distinction
IPA: d ɪ s t ɪ ŋ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-distinction.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-distinction.ogg

Word: Liberia
IPA: l a ɪ b ɪ ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Liberia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Liberia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Liberia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Liberia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Liberia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Liberia.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Liberia.wav

Word: Luke
IPA: l uː k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Luke.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Luke.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Luke2.ogg

Word: extension
IPA: ɪ k s t ɛ n ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-extension.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-extension.wav

Word: width
IPA: w ɪ t θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-width.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-width.ogg

Word: chi
IPA: t͡ʃ iː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi3.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-chi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-chi.wav

Word: analysis
IPA: ə n æ l ɪ s ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-analysis.ogg

Word: dental
IPA: d ɛ n t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dental.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-dental.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-dental.ogg

Word: presents (IPA: p ɹ ɪ z ɛ n t s) - No audio found

Word: Set
IPA: s ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Set.ogg

Word: comment
IPA: k ɑ m ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-comment.ogg

Word: Buck (IPA: b ʌ k) - No audio found

Word: tobacco
IPA: t ə b æ k o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tobacco.ogg

Word: outsourcing (IPA: a ʊ t s ɔː ɹ s ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: mu
IPA: m j uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-mu.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-mu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-mu.wav

Word: pilot
IPA: p a ɪ l ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-pilot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-pilot.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-pilot.ogg

Word: Barcelona
IPA: b ɑ ɹ s ə l o ʊ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Barcelona.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-Barcelona.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Barcelona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Barcelona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Barcelona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-am-lat-Barcelona.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodrigo5260-Barcelona.wav

Word: logical
IPA: l ɑ d͡ʒ ɪ k ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-logical.ogg

Word: appearance
IPA: ə p ɪ ɹ ə n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-appearance.ogg

Word: expenditures (IPA: ɪ k s p ɛ n d ɪ t͡ʃ ɚ z) - No audio found

Word: eventually
IPA: ɪ v ɛ n t͡ʃ ə l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-eventually.ogg

Word: recommendation
IPA: ɹ ɛ k ə m ɛ n d e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recommendation.wav

Word: them
IPA: ð ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-them.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-them-unstressed.ogg

Word: norm
IPA: n ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-norm.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_norm.ogg

Word: Pete (IPA: p iː t) - No audio found

Word: threats
IPA: θ ɹ ɛ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-threats.ogg

Word: amateur
IPA: æ m ə t ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-amateur1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-amateur2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-amateur.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-amateur.ogg

Word: Utah
IPA: j uː t ɑː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Utah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Utah.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Utah.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Utah.wav

Word: persistent
IPA: p ɚ s ɪ s t ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-persistent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-persistent.wav

Word: Richmond
IPA: ɹ ɪ t͡ʃ m ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Richmond.wav

Word: steven
IPA: s t iː v ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-steven.ogg

Word: don
IPA: d ɑ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-don.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Allahverdi_Verdizade-don.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-don.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-don.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-don.wav

Word: jets
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-jets.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-jets.wav

Word: almost
IPA: ɑ l m o ʊ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-inlandnorth-almost.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-almost.ogg

Word: America
IPA: ə m ɛ ɹ ɪ k ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-America.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-America.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Amerika.ogg

Word: climbing
IPA: k l a ɪ̯ m ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-climbing.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_next_day,_the_team_had_to_wear_special_ice_climbing_footwear.ogg

Word: eng
IPA: ɛ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-eng.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-eng.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-eng.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-eng2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-eng.ogg

Word: Bruce
IPA: b ɹ uː s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/EN-AU_ck1_bruce.ogg

Word: jack
IPA: d͡ʒ æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-jack.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-jack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-jack.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-jack.ogg

Word: good
IPA: ɡ ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-good.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-good.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/And_Marsha_says_I_am_a_good_cook!.ogg

Word: efficient
IPA: ə f ɪ ʃ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-efficient.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-MrStrelok75-efficient.wav

Word: Newfoundland
IPA: n u f ə n d l ə n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Newfoundland.wav

Word: defense
IPA: d iː f ɛ n s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-defence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-defense.wav

Word: titanium
IPA: t ɪ t e ɪ n i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-titanium.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-titanium.ogg

Word: institutions
IPA: ɪ n s t ɪ t u ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-institutions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-institutions.wav

Word: bids (IPA: b ɪ d z) - No audio found

Word: library
IPA: l a ɪ b ɹ ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-library.ogg

Word: commodities (IPA: k ə m ɑ d ə t i z) - No audio found

Word: biodiversity
IPA: b a ɪ o ʊ d ə v ɚ s ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-biodiversity.wav

Word: apparel
IPA: ə p ɛ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-apparel.ogg

Word: seeker
IPA: s i k ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-seeker.wav

Word: advancement
IPA: æ d v æ n s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-advancement.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-advancement.ogg

Word: coordination
IPA: k o ʊ ɔ ɹ d ɪ n e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-coordination.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-coordination.wav

Word: upgrading (IPA: ʌ p ɡ r e ɪ d ɪ ŋ) - No audio found

Word: valuable
IPA: v æ l j u ə b l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-valuable.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-valuable.oga

Word: depends
IPA: d ɪ p ɛ n d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-depends.ogg

Word: riding
IPA: ɹ a ɪ d ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-riding.ogg

Word: difficult
IPA: d ɪ f ɪ k ə l t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-difficult.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-difficult.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-difficult.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/However,_the_difficult_weather_conditions_will_ensure_Yunnan_has_plenty_of_freshwater.ogg

Word: advanced
IPA: ə d v æ n s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-advanced.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-GB-advanced.ogg

Word: alexander (IPA: æ l ɪ ɡ z æ n d ɚ) - No audio found

Word: detail
IPA: d i t e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-detail1.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-detail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-detail2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-detail.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-detail.ogg

Word: Sony (IPA: s o ʊ n i) - No audio found

Word: Valium
IPA: v æ l i ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Valium.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En_US_Valium.wav

Word: dumb
IPA: d ʌ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-dumb.oga

Word: assured
IPA: ə ʃ ɝ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assured.ogg

Word: Madonna
IPA: m ə d ɒ n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Madonna.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Madonna.ogg

Word: shipping
IPA: ʃ ɪ p ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-shipping.wav

Word: customer
IPA: k ʌ s t ə m ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-customer.wav

Word: treaty
IPA: t ɹ i t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-treaty.ogg

Word: records
IPA: ɹ ə k ɔ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-records.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-records.ogg

Word: visibility
IPA: v ɪ z ə b ɪ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-visibility.wav

Word: lung
IPA: l ʌ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-lung.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-lung.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-lung.wav

Word: bureau
IPA: b j ʊ ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bureau.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ne-bureau.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ashley_Johnson_is_an_energy,_trade_and_economics_expert.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-bureau.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-bureau.ogg

Word: friendly
IPA: f ɹ ɛ n l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-friendly.ogg

Word: circumstances
IPA: s ɝ k ə m s t æ n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-circumstances.ogg

Word: Page
IPA: p e ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Page.ogg

Word: library
IPA: l a ɪ b ɹ ə ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-library.ogg

Word: species
IPA: s p iː ʃ iː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-species.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-species.ogg

Word: grab
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-grab.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-grab.ogg

Word: laundry
IPA: l ɔː n d ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-laundry.ogg

Word: courier
IPA: k ɝ i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-courier.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-courier.wav

Word: revision
IPA: ɹ ɪ v ɪ ʒ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-revision.ogg

Word: surely
IPA: ʃ ɝ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-surely.ogg

Word: Microsoft
IPA: m a ɪ k ɹ ə s ɑ f t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Microsoft.ogg

Word: initial
IPA: ɪ n ɪ ʃ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-initial.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-initial.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-initial.ogg

Word: turkey
IPA: t ɝ k i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-turkey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Turkey.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-turkey.ogg

Word: followed
IPA: f ɑ l o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-followed.ogg

Word: Rico (IPA: ɹ iː k o ʊ) - No audio found

Word: fund
IPA: f ʌ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-fund.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Filosoful-fund.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-fund.wav

Word: approaches
IPA: ə p ɹ o ʊ t͡ʃ i z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-approaches.ogg

Word: bell
IPA: b ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bell.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-bell.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-bell.ogg

Word: transparency
IPA: t ɹ æ n s p ɛ ɹ ə n s i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-transparency.wav

Word: Valentine
IPA: v æ l ə n t a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Valentine.wav

Word: x
IPA: ɡ ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Voiceless_velar_fricative.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:X_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-x.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fi-x.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-x.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9043_(nor)-Jon_Harald_Søby_(WMNO)-x.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pt-br-x.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_x_es_es.flac

Word: chi
IPA: t͡ʃ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-chi3.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-chi.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-chi.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Penn_Zero_MSSJ-chi.wav

Word: congress
IPA: k ɑ ŋ ɡ ɹ ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-congress.ogg

Word: leaves
IPA: l iː v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-leaves.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-leaves.wav

Word: digest
IPA: d ə d͡ʒ ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-digest-noun.ogg

Word: sent
IPA: s ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Pamputt-sent.wav

Word: learned
IPA: l ɝ n ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-learned_(adj).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-learned.ogg

Word: repair
IPA: ɹ ɪ p ɛ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-repair.ogg

Word: skype
IPA: s k a ɪ p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-skype.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-skype.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-skype.ogg

Word: arena
IPA: ə ɹ iː n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-arena.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Unjoanqualsevol-arena.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-arena.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-arena.wav

Word: excited
IPA: ɪ k s a ɪ t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-excited.ogg

Word: tunes (IPA: t j uː n s) - No audio found

Word: download
IPA: d a ʊ n l o ʊ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-download.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-download2.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-download.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-download.ogg

Word: enhancement
IPA: ɛ n h æ n s m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-enhancement.wav

Word: contacts
IPA: k ə n t æ k t s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-contacts.wav

Word: noise
IPA: n ɔ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-noise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-noise.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-noise.wav

Word: Bolivia
IPA: b ə l ɪ v i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Bolivia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Bolivia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Bolivia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Es-Bolivia.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Bolivia.wav

Word: Chuck
IPA: t͡ʃ ʌ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Chuck.ogg

Word: granny
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-granny.wav

Word: evident
IPA: ɛ v ə d ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-evident.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-evident.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at-evident.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-evident.wav

Word: villages
IPA: v ɪ l ɪ d͡ʒ ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-villages.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-villages.wav

Word: ridge
IPA: ɹ ɪ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ridge.ogg

Word: comparison
IPA: k ə m p ɛ ɹ ɪ s ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comparison.ogg

Word: wife
IPA: w a ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-wife.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-wife.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Greenman-wife.wav

Word: deal
IPA: d iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-deal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-deal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-deal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-Romania-Albert-deal.ogg

Word: Alan
IPA: æ l ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Alan.wav

Word: learned
IPA: l ɝ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-learned_(adj).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-learned.ogg

Word: Ira (IPA: i r ə) - No audio found

Word: tale
IPA: t e ɪ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-tale.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-tale.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9292_(aze)-Azerbaijani_audiorecordings-tale.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tale.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-tale.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-tale.wav

Word: drinks
IPA: d ɹ ɪ ŋ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-drinks.ogg

Word: Abraham
IPA: e ɪ b ɹ ə h ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Abraham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Abraham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/ee-Abraham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Abraham.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Abraham.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Abraham.ogg

Word: tradition
IPA: t ɹ ə d ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tradition.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-tradition.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-tradition.ogg

Word: politics
IPA: p ɑ l ɪ t ɪ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-politics.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-politics.ogg

Word: get
IPA: ɡ ɛ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-get.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-git.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-en_get.ogg

Word: lang
IPA: l e ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-lang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-lang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-lang.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-lang2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9240_(ind)-Diahasy-lang.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-lang.ogg

Word: thriller
IPA: θ ɹ ɪ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-thriller.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-thriller.wav

Word: rug
IPA: ɹ ʌ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-rug.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-rug.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-rug.ogg

Word: strongly
IPA: s t ɹ ɔ ŋ l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-strongly.ogg

Word: Iowa
IPA: a ɪ ə w ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Iowa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Iowa.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Iowa.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Iowa.wav

Word: reality
IPA: ɹ i æ l ə t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reality.ogg

Word: territory
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ɪ t ɔ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-territory.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7979-Soundguys-territory.wav

Word: trains
IPA: t ɹ e ɪ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-trains.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-trains.wav

Word: substitute
IPA: s ʌ b s t ɪ t j u t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-substitute.ogg

Word: meeting
IPA: m i t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-meeting.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/In_a_meeting_with_government_officials,_Moon_noted_that_China_was_“much_more_advanced”_than_South_Korea_in_rain-making_technologies,_his_spokesman_said.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nl-meeting.ogg

Word: Peru
IPA: p ə ɹ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Peru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Peru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Peru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Peru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Peru.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Peru.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Peru.wav

Word: motherboard
IPA: m ʌ ð ɚ b ɔ ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-motherboard.ogg

Word: definitely
IPA: d ɛ f ə n ɪ t l i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-definitely.ogg

Word: status
IPA: s t æ t ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-gb-status.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-status.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-status.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-status.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-status.ogg

Word: alto
IPA: æ l t o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-alto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-alto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-alto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-alto.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-alto.ogg

Word: Greg
IPA: ɡ ɹ ɛ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Greg.wav

Word: Cove (IPA: k ə ʊ v) - No audio found

Word: Reform
IPA: ɹ ɪ f ɔ ɹ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Reform.ogg

Word: absent
IPA: æ b s ɛ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-absent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-absent_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-absent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-absent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-absent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-absent2.ogg

Word: desperate
IPA: d ɛ s p ə ɹ ə t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desperate.ogg

Word: parenting
IPA: p ɛ ə ɹ ə n t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-parenting.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-parenting.ogg

Word: positions
IPA: p ə z ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-positions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-positions.wav

Word: orange
IPA: ɑ ɹ ɪ̈ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-ca-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-NYC-orange.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/lb-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-orange.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-orange.ogg

Word: entertainment
IPA: ɛ n t ɚ t e ɪ n m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-entertainment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-entertainment1.ogg

Word: kick
IPA: k ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-kick.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-kick.ogg

Word: Europe
IPA: j ɝ ə p
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Europe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-Europe.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Europe.ogg

Word: emperor
IPA: ɛ m p ə ɹ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-emperor.ogg

Word: bronze
IPA: b ɹ ɑ n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bronze.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-bronze.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bronze.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-bronze.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-GrandCelinien-bronze.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14185_(oci)-Davidgrosclaude-bronze.wav

Word: dreams
IPA: d ɹ iː m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-dreams.ogg

Word: centered
IPA: s ɛ n t ə ɹ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-centered.wav

Word: pest
IPA: p ɛ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-pest.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-pest.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-pest.ogg

Word: favorite
IPA: f e ɪ v ɹ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-favorite.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-favorite.wav

Word: paragraphs
IPA: p æ ɹ ə ɡ ɹ æ f s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-paragraphs.ogg

Word: indirect
IPA: ɪ n d a ɪ ɹ ɛ k t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-indirect.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-indirect.wav

Word: fortune
IPA: f o ɹ t͡ʃ u n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-fortune.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-fortune.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-fortune.ogg

Word: accurate
IPA: æ k j ɚ ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-accurate.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-accurate.ogg

Word: urge
IPA: ɝ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-urge.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-urge.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-urge.wav

Word: yellow
IPA: j ɛ l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-yellow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-yellow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-yellow.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-yellow.wav

Word: name
IPA: n e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-name.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-name.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/One_visitor_named_Hou_Yugang_said_he_was_not_too_concerned_about_climate_change_and_Baishui’s_melting.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/The_three_countries_were_named_in_a_new_study_from_the_UN’s_World_Intellectual_Property_Organization,_or_WIPO.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-name.ogg

Word: dramatic
IPA: d ɹ ə m æ t ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-dramatic.ogg

Word: mount
IPA: m a ʊ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-mount.ogg

Word: elite
IPA: ə l i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-elite.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-elite.ogg

Word: Halifax
IPA: h æ l ɪ f æ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Halifax.wav

Word: patio
IPA: p æ t i o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-patio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-patio.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-patio.wav

Word: le
IPA: l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-le.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-le.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-le.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-le.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-le.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-le.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-le.ogg

Word: contributions
IPA: k ɑ n t ɹ ɪ b j u ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-contributions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-0x010C-contributions.wav

Word: canal
IPA: k ə n ɛ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-canal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-canal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-Andreea_Teodoraa-canal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-canal.wav

Word: revenge
IPA: ɹ ə v ɛ n d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-revenge.ogg

Word: force
IPA: f ɔ ɹ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-force.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-force.ogg

Word: wizard
IPA: w ɪ z ɚ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-wizard.ogg

Word: her
IPA: ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-her.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-her.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-her.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-her.wav

Word: Andorra
IPA: æ n d o ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Andorra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q8752_(eus)-Xabier_Cañas-Andorra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7026_(cat)-Millars-Andorra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Andorra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Andorra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9166_(mlt)-GħawdxiVeru-Andorra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/nb-andorra.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q7913_(ron)-KlaudiuMihaila-Andorra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-Andorra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Andorra.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q256_(tur)-ToprakM-Andorra.wav

Word: gzip (IPA: d͡ʒ iː z ɪ p) - No audio found

Word: Katrina
IPA: k ə t ɹ iː n ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-Katrina.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Katrina.wav

Word: break
IPA: b ɹ e ɪ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-break.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-break.wav

Word: office
IPA: ɔ f ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-office.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-office.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-office.ogg

Word: ave
IPA: æ v e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ave.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Millars-ave.wav

Word: draw
IPA: d ɹ ɔ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-to_draw.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-draw.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-draw.ogg

Word: Syria
IPA: s ɪ ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Syria.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Syria.ogg

Word: behind
IPA: b iː h a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-behind.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-behind.ogg

Word: giant
IPA: d͡ʒ a ɪ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-giant.ogg

Word: efficient
IPA: ɪ f ɪ ʃ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-efficient.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-MrStrelok75-efficient.wav

Word: principles
IPA: p ɹ ɪ n s ə p ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-principles.ogg

Word: Korea
IPA: k ə ɹ i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-I_learned_some_phrases-Korea.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-Korea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Korea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Korea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-Korea.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Korea.flac

Word: interior
IPA: ɪ n t ɪ ɹ i ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-interior.ogg

Word: Belgium
IPA: b ɛ l d͡ʒ ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Belgium.ogg

Word: Vincent
IPA: v ɪ n s ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Vincent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Arthur_Crbz-Jean-Vincent.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-at_Vincent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Vincent.wav

Word: assumption
IPA: ə s ʌ m p ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-assumption.ogg

Word: disclose
IPA: d ɪ s k l ə ʊ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-disclose.ogg

Word: integral
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɡ ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-integral-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-integral-adjective.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-integral.wav

Word: Brooks
IPA: b ɹ ʊ k s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Brooks.wav

Word: nickname
IPA: n ɪ k n e ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-nickname.wav

Word: awards
IPA: ə w ɔ ɹ d z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-awards.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-awards.ogg

Word: commissioner
IPA: k ə m ɪ ʃ ə n ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-commissioner.wav

Word: console
IPA: k ɑ n s o ʊ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-console-noun.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-console-verb.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-console.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-console.wav

Word: noble
IPA: n o ʊ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-noble.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-noble.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-noble.ogg

Word: gives
IPA: ɡ ɪ v z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-gives.ogg

Word: urban
IPA: ɜ ɹ b ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-urban.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-urban.ogg

Word: fraction
IPA: f ɹ æ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-fraction.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-fraction.ogg

Word: apartment
IPA: ə p ɑ ɹ t m ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-apartment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-apartment.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/I_am_Jonathan._I_am_in_apartment_B4.ogg

Word: if
IPA: ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-if.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-if.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-if.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-Paris--if.ogg

Word: productions
IPA: p ɹ ə d ʌ k ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-productions.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-productions.wav

Word: mobility
IPA: m o ʊ b ɪ l ɪ t i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-mobility.wav

Word: delta
IPA: d ɛ l t ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-delta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-delta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-delta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-delta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-delta.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-delta.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-delta.ogg

Word: hist
IPA: h ɪ s t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-hist.wav

Word: terry (IPA: t ɛ ɹ i) - No audio found

Word: anybody
IPA: ɛ n i b ʌ d i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-anybody.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-anybody.ogg

Word: Mac
IPA: m æ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Mac.wav

Word: tariff
IPA: t ɛ ɹ ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tariff.wav

Word: hello
IPA: h ə l o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-hello.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-hello.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hello-1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hello.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hello-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hello-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hello-3.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hello-3.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hello-4.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-hello-4.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-uk-hello-5.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hello._This_is_Marsha._-_Yes,_Marsha.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-hello.wav

Word: peninsula
IPA: p ə n ɪ n s ə l ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-peninsula.ogg

Word: offers
IPA: ɔ f ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-offers.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-offers.ogg

Word: controller
IPA: k ə n t ɹ o ʊ l ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-controller.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-controller.ogg

Word: dental
IPA: d ɛ n t l̩
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-dental.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-dental.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-dental.ogg

Word: dos
IPA: d uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-dos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-dos.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-dos.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-dos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-dos.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-dos.ogg

Word: multimedia
IPA: m ə l t i m iː d i ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vininn126-multimedia.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-multimedia.wav

Word: shaved (IPA: ʃ e ɪ v d) - No audio found

Word: Kim
IPA: k ɪ m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Kim.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Kim.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Kim.ogg

Word: implies (IPA: ɪ m p l a ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: took
IPA: t ʊ k
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-took.ogg

Word: Down (IPA: d a ʊ n) - No audio found

Word: references
IPA: ɹ ɛ f ə ɹ ə n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-references.ogg

Word: bye
IPA: b a ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-bye.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-bye.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-bye.wav

Word: peer
IPA: p ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-peer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Anon1314-peer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-peer.ogg

Word: brutal
IPA: b ɹ u t ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-brutal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-brutal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-brutal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-brutal.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-brutal.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-brutal.ogg

Word: builder
IPA: b ɪ l d ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-builder.wav

Word: singing
IPA: s ɪ ŋ ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-singing.ogg

Word: prominent
IPA: p ɹ ɑ m ɪ n ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-prominent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-prominent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-prominent.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-prominent.wav

Word: Ob
IPA: ɑ b
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Ob.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Ob.wav

Word: judge
IPA: d͡ʒ ʌ d͡ʒ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-judge.ogg

Word: logo
IPA: l o ʊ ɡ o ʊ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-logo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-logo.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-logo.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rubýñ-logo.wav

Word: u
IPA: ʌ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Close_back_rounded_vowel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Media:U_morse_code.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-ca-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Cs-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Eo-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fi-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Jules78120-u.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9043_(nor)-Jon_Harald_Søby_(WMNO)-u.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Pl-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-u.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Gower-u.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sr-u.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/letter_u_es_es.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-AdrianAbdulBaha-u.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9199_(vie)-Jessica_Nguyen_(Pamputt)-u.wav

Word: seat
IPA: s iː t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-seat.ogg

Word: Adelaide
IPA: æ d ə l e ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-Adelaide.oga

Word: interested
IPA: ɪ n t ɹ ə s t ɪ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interested-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-interested.ogg

Word: advice
IPA: æ d v a ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-advice.ogg

Word: leu
IPA: l e ɪ uː
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-leu.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Ro-leu.ogg

Word: cathedral
IPA: k ə θ iː d ɹ ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cathedral.ogg

Word: recall
IPA: ɹ ɪ k ɔ l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-recall_(verb).wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-recall.ogg

Word: global
IPA: ɡ l o ʊ b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-global.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-global.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-global.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q942602-Davidgrosclaude-global.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Marreromarco-global.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Ainali-global.wav

Word: Jennifer
IPA: d͡ʒ ɛ n ɪ f ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Jennifer.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Jennifer.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q9027_(swe)-Moonhouse-Jennifer.wav

Word: algorithms (IPA: æ l ɡ ə ɹ ɹ ɪ ð ə m z) - No audio found

Word: Wendy (IPA: w ɛ n d i) - No audio found

Word: curious
IPA: k j ʊ ɹ i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-curious.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-curious.wav

Word: sentences (IPA: s ɛ n t ə n s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: Oz
IPA: ɒ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Oz.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vanderdecken-Oz.wav

Word: poems
IPA: p o ʊ m z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-poems.ogg

Word: momentum
IPA: m o ʊ m ɛ n t ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-momentum.ogg

Word: length
IPA: l ɛ n t θ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-length.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-length.ogg

Word: springs
IPA: s p ɹ ɪ ŋ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-springs.ogg

Word: Shakespeare
IPA: ʃ e ɪ k s p ɪ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Shakespeare.wav

Word: explore
IPA: ɪ k s p l ɔ ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-explore.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lyokoï-explore.wav

Word: major
IPA: m e ɪ d͡ʒ ə ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-major.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-major.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Lepticed7-major.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-major.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-major.ogg

Word: cant
IPA: k æ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-cant.ogg

Word: comfort
IPA: k ʌ m f ɚ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-comfort.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-comfort.ogg

Word: Peterson (IPA: p i t ɚ s ə n) - No audio found

Word: reasonable
IPA: ɹ iː z ə n ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reasonable.ogg

Word: sitting
IPA: s ɪ t ɪ ŋ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-sitting.ogg

Word: bunny
IPA: b ʌ n i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-bunny.wav

Word: injury
IPA: ɪ n d͡ʒ ɚ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-injury.ogg

Word: camera
IPA: k æ m ɹ ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-camera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-camera.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DenisdeShawi-camera.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-una_camera.ogg

Word: ordinary
IPA: ɔ ɹ d ɪ n ɛ ɹ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ordinary.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-ordinary.ogg

Word: Nevada
IPA: n ɪ v ɑ d ə
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Nevada.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Olaf-Nevada.wav

Word: modification
IPA: m ɑ d ɪ f ɪ k e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-modification.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-modification.wav

Word: Bryan
IPA: b ɹ a ɪ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-Bryan.wav

Word: decor
IPA: d ɛ k o ɹ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-decor.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-decor.ogg

Word: gender
IPA: ɡ ə n d ɛː r
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-gender.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gender.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-gender.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-gender.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Poemat-gender.wav

Word: comfortable
IPA: k ʌ m f ə t ə b ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-comfortable.ogg

Word: GIF
IPA: d͡ʒ ɪ f
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gif-1.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-gif-2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-gif.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-GIF.ogg

Word: shed
IPA: ʃ ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-shed.ogg

Word: tunnel
IPA: t ʌ n ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-tunnel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-tunnel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-tunnel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q652_(ita)-LangPao-tunnel.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/No-tunnel.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-tunnel.ogg

Word: affiliation
IPA: ə f ɪ l i e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-affiliation.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-WikiLucas00-affiliation.wav

Word: different
IPA: d ɪ f ə ɹ ə n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-different.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-different.ogg

Word: street
IPA: s t ɹ i t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-uk-a_street.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-street.ogg

Word: Pound (IPA: p a ʊ n d) - No audio found

Word: consequences
IPA: k ɑ n s ɪ k w ɛ n s ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-consequences.ogg

Word: vessels
IPA: v ɛ s ə l z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-vessels.ogg

Word: postings (IPA: p o ʊ s t ɪ ŋ z) - No audio found

Word: pays
IPA: p e ɪ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-pays.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-pays.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-pays.ogg

Word: measures
IPA: m ɛ ʒ ɚ z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-measures.ogg

Word: template
IPA: t ɛ m p l ɪ t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-template.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-template.wav

Word: lone
IPA: l o ʊ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-lone.ogg

Word: onto
IPA: ɔ n t u
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-onto.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Wodencafe-onto.wav

Word: ace
IPA: e ɪ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ace.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-ace.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-au-ace.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Xenophôn-ace.wav

Word: Kay (IPA: k e ɪ) - No audio found

Word: Empire (IPA: ɛ m p a ɪ ɚ) - No audio found

Word: US
IPA: j uː ɛ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-US.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-US.ogg

Word: broken
IPA: b ɹ o ʊ k ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-broken.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/One_recent_morning_the_team_had_to_replace_a_broken_weather_research_station.ogg

Word: desire
IPA: d ɪ z a ɪ ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-desire.ogg

Word: Timothy
IPA: t ɪ m ə θ i
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-timothy.ogg

Word: Grant
IPA: ɡ ɹ æ n t
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Grant.oga

Word: Shell (IPA: ʃ ɛ l) - No audio found

Word: refined
IPA: ɹ iː f a ɪ n d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-refined.wav

Word: Japan
IPA: d͡ʒ ə p æ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-Japan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q14196_(afr)-Oesjaar-Japan.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Nl-Japan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Japan.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-Japan2.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sw-ke-Japan.flac
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Sv-Japan.ogg

Word: cradle
IPA: k ɹ e ɪ d ə l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-cradle.wav

Word: Denver
IPA: d ɛ n v ɚ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Flame,_not_lame-Denver.wav

Word: blues
IPA: b l uː z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-blues.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-LoquaxFR-blues.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Hu-blúz.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q809_(pol)-Jest_Spoczko-blues.wav

Word: intersection
IPA: ɪ n t ə ɹ s ɛ k ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-intersection.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-Poslovitch-intersection.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q150_(fra)-DSwissK-intersection.wav

Word: baseline
IPA: b e ɪ s l a ɪ n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-baseline.wav

Word: ahead
IPA: ə h ɛ d
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-ahead.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-ahead.wav

Word: combinations
IPA: k ɑ m b ɪ n e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Persent101-combinations.wav

Word: serious
IPA: s ɪ ɚ i ə s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Back_ache-serious.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-serious.ogg

Word: absence
IPA: æ b s ə n̩ s
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-absence.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-absence.ogg

Word: reel
IPA: ɹ iː l
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-reel.ogg

Word: observations
IPA: ɑ b z ɚ v e ɪ ʃ ə n z
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-observations.ogg

Word: tuition
IPA: t u ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-tuition.wav

Word: grande
IPA: ɡ ɹ ɑ n d e ɪ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-grande.wav
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/en-us-grand.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Fr-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/It-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/Jer-grande.ogg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1321_(spa)-Rodelar-grande.wav

Word: addresses (IPA: ə d ɹ ɛ s ɪ z) - No audio found

Word: gig
IPA: ɡ ɪ ɡ
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-au-gig.ogg

Word: She (IPA: ʃ iː) - No audio found

Word: elevation
IPA: ɛ l ɪ v e ɪ ʃ ə n
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/LL-Q1860_(eng)-Vealhurl-elevation.wav

Word: premium
IPA: p ɹ iː m iː ə m
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/En-us-premium.oga
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FilePath/De-premium.ogg

